<!DOCTYPE html>

<html lang="en-US">
<head>
<title></title>
<!-- Application Properties -->
<meta content="chrome=1;IE=EDGE" http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="content-type"/>
<meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=2.0" name="viewport"/>
<link href="https://medtronic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MedtronicCareers/job/Finance-Analyst_R63409-1" rel="canonical"/>
<!-- OpenGraph Tags -->
<meta content="Finance Analyst" name="title" property="og:title"/>
<meta content="We anticipate the application window for this opening will close on - 13 Apr 2026 At Medtronic you can begin a life-long career of exploration and innovation, while helping champion healthcare access and equity for all. You’ll lead with purpose, breaking down barriers to innovation in a more connected, compassionate world. A Day in the Life The Finance Analyst – US CRDN Sales Finance role within the CRDN Sales Finance team is a critical role that will partner with our US commercial sales organization and CRDN OU Finance teams to provide key sales analytics and to improve sales process efficiency and effectiveness in a fast-paced, hyper-growth operating unit. The Financial Analyst will support the CRDN Operating Unit by providing financial analytics, reporting, and decision support for commercial and operational leadership. This role partners closely with Sales, FP&amp;amp;A, Total Rewards, COE teams, and executive stakeholders to ensure accurate forecasting, revenue recognition, KPI reporting, and actionable insights that drive business performance. At Medtronic, we bring bold ideas forward with speed and decisiveness to put patients first in everything we do. In-person exchanges are invaluable to our work. We’re working a minimum of 4 days a week onsite as part of our commitment to fostering a culture of professional growth and cross-functional collaboration as we work together to engineer the extraordinary.  Join a diverse team of innovators who bring their worldview, their unique backgrounds, and their individual life experiences to work every day. It’s no accident — we work hard to cultivate a workforce that reflects our patients and partners. We believe it’s the only way to drive healthcare forward and remain a global leader in medical technology and solutions. To learn more about Inclusion &amp;amp; Diversity at Medtronic Click Here Key Responsibilities: Financial Planning, Forecasting &amp;amp; Reporting Maintain and update Anaplan models to support demand planning and forecast accuracy Prepare daily, weekly, and monthly financial reporting summaries, including investigation of variances and anomalies Support AOP submission activities, ensuring accuracy, timeliness, and alignment with Operating Unit targets Inform OU leadership and FP&amp;amp;A partners on performance versus forecast across key metrics including revenue, gross margin, operating profit, capital expenditures, and headcount Report critical KPIs and financial metrics to Operating Unit and executive leadership Revenue, Pricing &amp;amp; Accrual Management Review and analyze rebate accruals to ensure appropriate accounting treatment and financial accuracy. Submit and track pricing and rate changes, including ASP alignment with COE. Partner with COE teams as a data liaison to ensure consistency and accuracy across financial systems. Support revenue allocation processes, including HCA and other warehouse revenue allocation activities. Sales &amp;amp; Commercial Finance Support Provide financial support and revenue analytics to the commercial sales leadership team to drive actionable insights. Develop and deliver analysis that supports sales performance, pricing strategies, and customer profitability. Partner with sales and finance stakeholders to streamline processes, improve data quality, and standardize key metrics reporting. Cross‑Functional Partnership &amp;amp; Data Support Support Total Rewards alignment by providing data, analysis, and change submissions as needed. Act as a key data and reporting partner across Sales, Finance, FP&amp;amp;A, and COE teams. Continuously identify opportunities to improve reporting efficiency, automation, and financial transparency. Must Have – Minimum Requirements: Bachelor's degree plus 2+ years of experience in finance or accounting Nice to Have: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or a related field 2+ years of experience in financial analysis, FP&amp;amp;A, or commercial finance Strong analytical skills with the ability to translate data into clear insights Experience with financial systems and planning tools (Anaplan experience preferred) Advanced Excel skills; experience with dashboards and reporting tools Strong communication skills and ability to partner cross‑functionally Internship, co‑op, or rotation experience in Corporate Finance or Sales Finance role Experience with forecasting, budgeting, or capital processes Exposure to month‑end close, P&amp;amp;L reporting, or cost analysis Experience using Power BI or financial reporting systems (e.g., SAP, Hyperion) Analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to manage tight time commitments For Baccalaureate degrees earned outside of the United States, a degree that satisfies the requirements of 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A) is required. Physical Job Requirements The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position.  The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For Office Roles: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile. The employee is also required to interact with a computer, and communicate with peers and co-workers. Contact your manager or local HR to understand the Work Conditions and Physical requirements that may be specific to each role. U.S. Work Authorization &amp;amp; Sponsorship At Medtronic, we are committed to fostering an environment where employees can thrive and make a meaningful impact. In alignment with our enterprise-wide workforce planning approach, U.S. work authorization sponsorship (H-1B, TN, J, etc.) is offered exclusively for Principal-level roles and above, where specialized expertise aligns with long-term business needs. Roles below the Principal level require candidates to possess unrestricted U.S. work authorization at the time of hire and for the duration of employment. Join us in our mission to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life—where your unique background and perspective are valued. Benefits &amp;amp; Compensation Medtronic offers a competitive Salary and flexible Benefits Package A commitment to our employees lives at the core of our values. We recognize their contributions. They share in the success they help to create. We offer a wide range of benefits, resources, and competitive compensation plans designed to support you at every career and life stage. Salary ranges for U.S (excl. PR) locations (USD):$68,800.00 - $103,200.00 This position is eligible for a short-term incentive called the Medtronic Incentive Plan (MIP). The base salary range is applicable across the United States, excluding Puerto Rico and specific locations in California. The offered rate complies with federal and local regulations and may vary based on factors such as experience, certification/education, market conditions, and location. Compensation and benefits information pertains solely to candidates hired within the United States (local market compensation and benefits will apply for others). The following benefits and additional compensation are available to those regular employees who work 20+ hours per week: Health, Dental and vision insurance, Health Savings Account, Healthcare Flexible Spending Account, Life insurance, Long-term disability leave, Dependent daycare spending account, Tuition assistance/reimbursement, and Simple Steps (global well-being program). The following benefits and additional compensation are available to all regular employees: Incentive plans, 401(k) plan plus employer contribution and match, Short-term disability, Paid time off, Paid holidays, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Assistance Program, Non-qualified Retirement Plan Supplement (subject to IRS earning minimums), and Capital Accumulation Plan (available to Vice Presidents and above, or subject to IRS earning minimums). Regular employees are those who are not temporary, such as interns. Temporary employees are eligible for paid sick time, as required under applicable state law, and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Please note some of the above benefits may not apply to workers in Puerto Rico. Further details are available at the link below: Medtronic benefits and compensation plans About Medtronic We lead global healthcare technology and boldly attack the most challenging health problems facing humanity by searching out and finding solutions. Our Mission — to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life — unites a global team of 95,000+ passionate people. We are engineers at heart— putting ambitious ideas to work to generate real solutions for real people. From the R&amp;amp;D lab, to the factory floor, to the conference room, every one of us experiments, creates, builds, improves and solves. We have the talent, diverse perspectives, and guts to engineer the extraordinary. Learn more about our business, mission, and our commitment to diversity here. It is the policy of Medtronic to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Medtronic will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are applying to perform work for Medtronic, Inc. (“Medtronic”) in any position which will involve performing at least two (2) hours of work on average each week within the unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County, you can find here a list of all material job duties of the specific job position which Medtronic reasonably believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment. Medtronic will consider for employment qualified job applicants with arrest or conviction records in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. We lead global healthcare technology and boldly attack the most challenging health problems facing humanity by searching out and finding solutions. Our Mission — to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life — unites a global team of 95,000+ passionate people. We are engineers at heart— putting ambitious ideas to work to generate real solutions for real people. From the R&amp;amp;D lab, to the factory floor, to the conference room, every one of us experiments, creates, builds, improves and solves. We have the talent, diverse perspectives, and guts to engineer the extraordinary. We change lives. Each team member, each day, helps to improve and redefine how the world treats the most pressing health conditions, from heart disease to diabetes. Our industry leadership comes from the passion and ingenuity of our people. That’s who we are. Working alongside one another, we use science, medicine, and a profound understanding of the human body to build extraordinary technologies that can transform lives. We build extraordinary solutions as one team. With one Medtronic Mindset defining how we work. Speed and decisiveness run through our DNA. Diverse perspectives inspire our bold answers to any challenge that comes our way. And we deliver results the right way, breakthrough after patient breakthrough. This life-changing career is yours to engineer. By bringing your ambitious ideas, unique perspective and contributions, you will… Build a better future, amplifying your impact on the causes that matter to you and the world Grow a career reflective of your passion and abilities Connect to a dynamic and inclusive culture that welcomes the challenge of life-long learning These commitments set our team apart from the rest: Experiences that put people first. Respect for people is the hallmark of our humanity. It fuels our team to positively impact even a single life. And it means we put our people first at Medtronic as well, creating a culture of belonging and always pushing to get you the career-building resources you need. Life-transforming technologies. No matter your role, you contribute to technologies that transform lives. What we build empowers patients to live life on their terms. Better outcomes for our world. Here, it’s about more than the bottom line. Our Mission to improve human welfare drives us. We advance healthcare, society, and equity with every design, inside and outside our walls. Insight-driven care. Fresh viewpoints. Cutting-edge AI, data, and automation. You're shaping the future of healthcare technology and defining the next generation of breakthroughs in care It is the policy of Medtronic to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Medtronic will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. For sales reps and other patient facing field employees, going into a healthcare setting is considered an essential function of the job and we expect our employees to comply with all credentialing requirements at the hospitals or clinics they support. This employer participates in the federal E-Verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees. For further information about the E-Verify program, please click here. For updates on job applications, please go to the candidate login page and sign in to check your application status. If you need assistance completing your application please email AskHR@medtronic.com To request removal of your personal information from our systems please email RS.HRCompliance@medtronic.com" name="description" property="og:description"/>
<meta content="https://medtronic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MedtronicCareers/assets/logo" name="image" property="og:image"/>
<meta content="website" property="og:type"/>
<meta content="https://medtronic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MedtronicCareers/job/Finance-Analyst_R63409-1" property="og:url"/>
<!-- SEO Tags -->


</head>
<body>
<div id="root"></div>
</body>
</html>