<!DOCTYPE html>

<html lang="en-US">
<head>
<title></title>
<!-- Application Properties -->
<meta content="chrome=1;IE=EDGE" http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="content-type"/>
<meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=2.0" name="viewport"/>
<link href="https://medtronic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MedtronicCareers/job/Senior-Financial-Analyst_R63512-1" rel="canonical"/>
<!-- OpenGraph Tags -->
<meta content="Senior Financial Analyst" name="title" property="og:title"/>
<meta content="We anticipate the application window for this opening will close on - 9 Apr 2026 At Medtronic you can begin a life-long career of exploration and innovation, while helping champion healthcare access and equity for all. You’ll lead with purpose, breaking down barriers to innovation in a more connected, compassionate world. A Day in the Life Join the Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) finance team supporting the Cardiac Pacing Therapies Business (CPT)! The Senior Financial Analyst will report to the CPT Senior Finance Director and support the CPT Marketing organization by collaborating closely with the VP of Commercial Marketing and the VP of Strategy. In this role you will get hands on experience and insights into various types of analyses to support the business and will be a voice for the finance organization. The primary responsibilities of this position are to perform and analyze financial models, identify market trends, complete month-end financial activities and investigate variance drivers, build financial forecasts, analyze P&amp;amp;L statements, and provide financial insights to CPT leadership to drive financial execution. At Medtronic, we bring bold ideas forward with speed and decisiveness to put patients first in everything we do. In-person exchanges are invaluable to our work. We’re working a minimum of 4 days a week onsite as part of our commitment to fostering a culture of professional growth and cross-functional collaboration as we work together to engineer the extraordinary.  Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned. Finance Marketing support: Business partner to the CPT Marketing leadership team providing financial analysis and support that drives business decisions. Provide support to the CPT Sr Finance Director in financial planning and administration, forecasting and measurement, the Annual Operating Plan (AOP), Forecast, Strategic Planning, and IBP. Execute standard period and quarter end financial close activities, cost center reporting, and support business reviews through standard and ad-hoc reporting and analyses. Provide financial expense reporting and analysis, ensuring spending is within budget and company policies. Drive financial analysis in support of Gross Margin strategies and projects to include financial modeling, forecasting, AOP, Strategic Planning and business counseling with the broader business, including rationalization and product mix. Participate in functional and cross-functional groups as finance representative. Provide guidance on significant operating issues, such as investments, project costs, valuation analysis, and process improvements. Search for potential areas of exposure and recommend ways to mitigate risk. Participate in regular business processes including Strategic Plan, Economic Value assessment, and Project Prioritization. Responsible for consolidating and coordinating the collection of financials in support of management reviews such as QBRs, IBP and AOP meetings. Drive efficiency/improvement of related finance processes in support of the organization. Minimum Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree with 4+ years of work experience in Finance and/or Accounting (2+ years with an Advanced degree) Experience with Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint Experience with business partnering Nice to Have: Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a team environment Strong organization and prioritization skills Analytical and problem-solving skills including the ability to identify key trends and drivers and the proven experience translating financial data into meaningful, concise information Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance MBA/CPA/CMA Strong ability to work in financial/reporting systems (SAP, GFS, Spend, BOXI, Hyperion) Experience in a global organization Experience interfacing and influencing various levels of management Strong attention to detail Strong executive communication skills, both written &amp;amp; verbal Ability to operate within a complex organization and various levels of management Ability to manage tight time commitments in a high-pressure position High degree of initiative and self-motivation For Baccalaureate degrees earned outside of the United States, a degree that satisfies the requirements of 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(h)(4)(iii)(A) is required. Physical Job Requirements The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position.  The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For Office Roles: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile. The employee is also required to interact with a computer, and communicate with peers and co-workers. Contact your manager or local HR to understand the Work Conditions and Physical requirements that may be specific to each role. U.S. Work Authorization &amp;amp; Sponsorship At Medtronic, we are committed to fostering an environment where employees can thrive and make a meaningful impact. In alignment with our enterprise-wide workforce planning approach, U.S. work authorization sponsorship (H-1B, TN, J, etc.) is offered exclusively for Principal-level roles and above, where specialized expertise aligns with long-term business needs. Roles below the Principal level require candidates to possess unrestricted U.S. work authorization at the time of hire and for the duration of employment. Join us in our mission to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life—where your unique background and perspective are valued. Benefits &amp;amp; Compensation Medtronic offers a competitive Salary and flexible Benefits Package A commitment to our employees lives at the core of our values. We recognize their contributions. They share in the success they help to create. We offer a wide range of benefits, resources, and competitive compensation plans designed to support you at every career and life stage. Salary ranges for U.S (excl. PR) locations (USD):$85,600.00 - $128,400.00 This position is eligible for a short-term incentive called the Medtronic Incentive Plan (MIP). The base salary range is applicable across the United States, excluding Puerto Rico and specific locations in California. The offered rate complies with federal and local regulations and may vary based on factors such as experience, certification/education, market conditions, and location. Compensation and benefits information pertains solely to candidates hired within the United States (local market compensation and benefits will apply for others). The following benefits and additional compensation are available to those regular employees who work 20+ hours per week: Health, Dental and vision insurance, Health Savings Account, Healthcare Flexible Spending Account, Life insurance, Long-term disability leave, Dependent daycare spending account, Tuition assistance/reimbursement, and Simple Steps (global well-being program). The following benefits and additional compensation are available to all regular employees: Incentive plans, 401(k) plan plus employer contribution and match, Short-term disability, Paid time off, Paid holidays, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Assistance Program, Non-qualified Retirement Plan Supplement (subject to IRS earning minimums), and Capital Accumulation Plan (available to Vice Presidents and above, or subject to IRS earning minimums). Regular employees are those who are not temporary, such as interns. Temporary employees are eligible for paid sick time, as required under applicable state law, and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Please note some of the above benefits may not apply to workers in Puerto Rico. Further details are available at the link below: Medtronic benefits and compensation plans About Medtronic We lead global healthcare technology and boldly attack the most challenging health problems facing humanity by searching out and finding solutions. Our Mission — to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life — unites a global team of 95,000+ passionate people. We are engineers at heart— putting ambitious ideas to work to generate real solutions for real people. From the R&amp;amp;D lab, to the factory floor, to the conference room, every one of us experiments, creates, builds, improves and solves. We have the talent, diverse perspectives, and guts to engineer the extraordinary. Learn more about our business, mission, and our commitment to diversity here. It is the policy of Medtronic to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Medtronic will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are applying to perform work for Medtronic, Inc. (“Medtronic”) in any position which will involve performing at least two (2) hours of work on average each week within the unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County, you can find here a list of all material job duties of the specific job position which Medtronic reasonably believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship potentially resulting in the withdrawal of a conditional offer of employment. Medtronic will consider for employment qualified job applicants with arrest or conviction records in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. We lead global healthcare technology and boldly attack the most challenging health problems facing humanity by searching out and finding solutions. Our Mission — to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life — unites a global team of 95,000+ passionate people. We are engineers at heart— putting ambitious ideas to work to generate real solutions for real people. From the R&amp;amp;D lab, to the factory floor, to the conference room, every one of us experiments, creates, builds, improves and solves. We have the talent, diverse perspectives, and guts to engineer the extraordinary. We change lives. Each team member, each day, helps to improve and redefine how the world treats the most pressing health conditions, from heart disease to diabetes. Our industry leadership comes from the passion and ingenuity of our people. That’s who we are. Working alongside one another, we use science, medicine, and a profound understanding of the human body to build extraordinary technologies that can transform lives. We build extraordinary solutions as one team. With one Medtronic Mindset defining how we work. Speed and decisiveness run through our DNA. Diverse perspectives inspire our bold answers to any challenge that comes our way. And we deliver results the right way, breakthrough after patient breakthrough. This life-changing career is yours to engineer. By bringing your ambitious ideas, unique perspective and contributions, you will… Build a better future, amplifying your impact on the causes that matter to you and the world Grow a career reflective of your passion and abilities Connect to a dynamic and inclusive culture that welcomes the challenge of life-long learning These commitments set our team apart from the rest: Experiences that put people first. Respect for people is the hallmark of our humanity. It fuels our team to positively impact even a single life. And it means we put our people first at Medtronic as well, creating a culture of belonging and always pushing to get you the career-building resources you need. Life-transforming technologies. No matter your role, you contribute to technologies that transform lives. What we build empowers patients to live life on their terms. Better outcomes for our world. Here, it’s about more than the bottom line. Our Mission to improve human welfare drives us. We advance healthcare, society, and equity with every design, inside and outside our walls. Insight-driven care. Fresh viewpoints. Cutting-edge AI, data, and automation. You're shaping the future of healthcare technology and defining the next generation of breakthroughs in care It is the policy of Medtronic to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Medtronic will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. For sales reps and other patient facing field employees, going into a healthcare setting is considered an essential function of the job and we expect our employees to comply with all credentialing requirements at the hospitals or clinics they support. This employer participates in the federal E-Verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees. For further information about the E-Verify program, please click here. For updates on job applications, please go to the candidate login page and sign in to check your application status. If you need assistance completing your application please email AskHR@medtronic.com To request removal of your personal information from our systems please email RS.HRCompliance@medtronic.com" name="description" property="og:description"/>
<meta content="https://medtronic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MedtronicCareers/assets/logo" name="image" property="og:image"/>
<meta content="website" property="og:type"/>
<meta content="https://medtronic.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MedtronicCareers/job/Senior-Financial-Analyst_R63512-1" property="og:url"/>
<!-- SEO Tags -->


</head>
<body>
<div id="root"></div>
</body>
</html>