





















Manager, Global Markets Middle Office Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Manager, Global Markets Middle Office
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


52051
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 7
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


08/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


07/05/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
•    Trade capture, booking amendments, Trade life cycle, Novations/Assignments, reconciliation and Control / Reporting activities of the business. 
•    Manage query remediation and other day-to-day processing, ensuring timely escalation to minimise risk exposure.
•    New business enablement and solutions, partner to deliver strategic FM initiatives:
•    Drive Operational readiness
•    Collaborate with internal stakeholders to achieve seamless follow the sun model and constantly seek opportunities to achieve process consistency.
•    Face of Operations to Trading and Sales Desks – primary point of contact:
•    Insulate FM from post execution processing / queries, represent Operations functions
•    Build team profile with the Front Office 
•    Stakeholder engagement, 2-way flow of information – “Trusted Advisor”
•    Build strong relationship with internal teams to facilitate efficient communications and speedy resolutions of issues:
•    Identify and close knowledge gaps within the Hubs through hands on training 
•    Drive continuous improvement and innovate:
•    Partner with Technology to deliver transformation
•    Work with FO to identify booking model improvements and drive efficiency
•    Be up to date and ensure compliance with regulatory requirements
•    Adherence to Ops Risk Framework standards of implementation and process management.
•    Constantly seek opportunities to improve global consistency, work closely with the onshore and other regions to close gaps and standardise processes. 
•    Build strong relationship with Onshore Middle-Office to facilitate efficient communications and speedy resolutions of issues:
 
•    Identify and close knowledge gaps through hands on training 
•    Be the subject matter expert for MIS, cost-per-trade, touch points per trade – drive their evolution and identify areas to proactively add value through improved data
•    Operations representation for external/internal and regulator scheduled audits:
•    Ensure Audit points are addressed within timelines
Achieve regulatory compliance and future proof the Middle Office model through a strong understanding of current rules and anticipation of upcoming regulations
•    Adherence to Ops Risk Framework standards of implementation and process management:
Continuous review of procedures and booking model


Strategy


•    Business alignment / Product expertise: Product specialists who understand business priorities and strategy, define optimal solutions leveraging industry leading facilities and influence behaviour through countenance
•    Connect: Build bridges across the bank to simplify current operating model, create efficiencies and identify new opportunities
•    Leadership and Market presence: Own your domain and influence product evolution, define internal standards and shape future utilities through selective industry positioning. Risk Manager: Define the standard to effectively control the T-0 business day; understand regulations, key trends, and external incidents; voice opinions and concerns; protect the bank
•    Risk Manager: Define the standard to effectively control the T-0 business day; understand regulations, key trends, and external incidents; voice opinions and concerns; protect the bank


Business


•    Financial Markets Middle Office was set up in 2016 to deliver first class trade support, business enablement and accurate / timely trade representation to meet obligations to clients, counterparties, and regulators. We are product and process subject matter experts aligned to the Global Financial Markets business providing follow the sun support, a continuous improvement mindset and industry connectivity
 
Processes & Responsibilities


•    Trade capture and life cycling of vanilla and structured products – FX, Rates, Credit, Repo and Treasury Markets
•    Stakeholder management:  Collaborate with internal stakeholders to achieve seamless follow the sun model and constantly seek opportunities to achieve process consistency.
•    Understanding and learn to manage query remediation, trade life-cycling and other day-to-day processing, ensuring timely escalation, in order to minimise risk
•    New business enablement and solutions, partner to deliver strategic FM initiatives
•    Drive operational readiness
•    Operational representation for external/internal audits:
Ensure audit points are addressed within timelines
•    Drive continuous improvement and innovative:
-Partner with technology team to deliver transformation
•    Work with FO to identify booking model improvements and drive efficiency
•    Be up to date and ensure compliance with regulatory requirements


People & Talent 


•    Help embed a culture of openness, trust and risk awareness, where ethical, legal, regulatory and policy compliant conduct is the norm
•    Overall client satisfaction and meeting service expectations
•    Quick turnaround for queries & priority items
•    Should be a Team player- flexible 
•    Adhere to the instruction of the Mangers.
•    Being active part of team discussions to come up with process improvements
•    Actively participate in Sustainability (CSR) initiatives, staff engagement programmes
 
Risk Management


•    Always ensure 100% compliance to the group’s risk management framework as applicable
•    Compliance with all applicable Rules/ Regulations of Company and Group Policies
•    Comply with Group Money Laundering Prevention Policy and Procedures to the extent applicable and report all suspicious transactions to the Unit
•    Timely escalations and resolutions on confirmation outstanding etc as per Escalation policy


Governance 


•    Comply with all the group standards, policies, procedures, and guidelines as applicable and values of the Bank at all times
•    Always adhere to Group Code of Conduct
•    In the event of serious regulatory breaches, or where risk tolerances have been breached, ensure senior management are informed and that actions are taken quickly to remediate and/or activities are ceased


Regulatory & Business Conduct 


•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
Key stakeholders
•    FMO – COE (Centre of Excellence) involved in different processes catering internal & external clients from various financial sectors, representative in group and country not limited to Front office Desk 
 
Other Responsibilities


•    Embed “Here for good” and Group’s brand and values in Financial Market Operations.
•    Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures. 
•    Teamwork with other Hubs, and Downstream teams 
•    Involvement in Process/Project Initiatives / Automation / process Improvement


Qualifications


•    University degree / MBA (or equitant qualification)


Skills and Competencies


•    MS Excel
•    MS Word
•    Power BI
•    VBA Macro 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































