





















Spl'st, Automated Testing Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Spl'st, Automated Testing
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


49942
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 7
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


18/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


15/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
We are seeking talented and motivated individuals for the role of Manager Automation Specialist. Successful candidates will be experienced programmers who can develop user stories, develop test cases, break down, design, and develop solutions in an environment with constant collaborative discussions. They will be matured individuals who are comfortable working in an agile environment with critical peer reviews of design and code. They must be able to offer constructive critical reviews of other’s designs and code. They must be able to collaboratively work with product owners to develop use stories and test cases. They will be able to research, trial, and recommend new technologies of interest to the group. They will have experience with taking code through testing, deployment, and production and will not have merely handed off code to QA and Production Support.
Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy 
•    DLT Use Cases: Demonstrated understanding of DLT applications such as Real World Asset (RWA) tokenization, Cross-Border Payments, Decentralized Identity (DID), and smart contract-based financial products.
•    Detail-Oriented and technically proficient Blockchain Tester to join our QA Team.
•    Should be responsible for validating the functionality, Security, Integration, Regression, End-To-End Testing of Blockchain-based application and Smart Contracts.
•    Develop and maintain test cases and automation scripts for smart contracts and AI/ML model workflows.
•    Create and maintain detailed test plans, test cases and automated test scripts for functional, regression and security testing.
•    Must be deliver in-sprint automation test scripts with help of Rest Assured- Cucumber framework.
•    Build simulators/mocks for replacing interfaces/Other systems.
•    Mentor junior testers, contribute to test strategy and drive quality best practices across the block chain development lifecycle.
•    Take care of release testing window, Test plans, Test Strategy and required sign-offs from various stalk holders for each release.
•    Ability to review code and ensure coding standards are maintained across the teams.
•    Ability to explore and implement technical solution for handling automation at various stages such as migration, new implementation, BAU etc
 
Business
•   Analyze the failure Automation reports, Debug and Fix the code.
•   Should have hands on knowledge to mock the data and build alternative solutions to run products. 
•   Be a role model for the team and bring innovative  thoughts and implement solutions to the team.
•   Demonstrate team work and collaborative efforts always with multiple teams.


Processes
•    Should be able to highlight and escalate risks/impediments to the stakeholders.
•    Constant communication and follow-ups with various stake holders to track deliverables during test planning, preparation and execution phases as applicable. 
•    Send out daily status report with accurate execution and defect metrics to stakeholders for the agreed cut off time set for the application release/project
•    Participate in preparation of quality assessments, reports, and metrics formulating go-no go statement based on reports and metrics, test progress and defect status
•    Responsible for all Test, Test Tools Development and configuration management activities
•    Ability to explore new technologies and implement Testing tools to automate in this domain


People & Talent 


•    Stakeholder Management: Comfortable interacting with business users, compliance, security, and external partners, aligning technical goals with business outcomes.
•    Problem Solving: Adept at navigating ambiguity and delivering creative, robust solutions under tight deadlines and evolving requirements.
•    Communication: Clear and persuasive communicator able to translate complex technical ideas into actionable insights for diverse audiences.
•    Results-Driven: Strong track record of meeting delivery milestones while upholding code quality and security standards.
•    Ability to coach and support junior engineers, fostering a culture of technical excellence and continuous learning.
 
Risk Management
•    The ability to interpret and align all responsible applications under the Groups technology and security framework, identify key issues based and put in place appropriate controls and measure. 
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters. Promote and embed a culture of openness, trust and risk awareness where ethical, legal, regulatory and policy complaint conduct is the norm


Governance  
•    Awareness and understanding of the regulatory framework, around infrastructure hosting and data management for client facing applications, and the regulatory requirements and expectations for the Bank.  Ensure application design considerations are taken based on this.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters. Promote and embed a culture of openness, trust and risk awareness where ethical, legal, regulatory and policy complaint conduct is the norm.


Regulatory & Business Conduct 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Lead the [country / business unit / function/XXX [team] to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: [Fair Outcomes for Clients; Effective Financial Markets; Financial Crime Compliance; The Right Environment.] * 
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
 
Other Responsibilities
Test Automation:  
•    Experience with test automation tools and frameworks like Selenium, TestNG, Cucumber.
•    Ability to design, develop, and maintain automated test scripts.
•    Knowledge on latest technologies like BDD framework and show flexibility towards learning for multi skilling within scrum team
•    Validate AI Model outputs in real-time decentralized environments and ensure deterministic behavior in smart contracts using AI Components.
•    Tools Like Etherscan allow users to track transactions, verify smart contracts and analyze blockchain data.
•    Strong in validating Blockchain consensus algorithms, transaction processing, wallet functionalities and cryptographic protocols.
Manual Testing:  
•    Strong understanding of manual testing techniques and methodologies.
•    Ability to create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test plans and test cases.
•    Experience in integrating automated tests into the CI/CD pipeline.
Performance Testing:  
•    Knowledge of performance testing tools like JMeter, LoadRunner, or Gatling.
•    Ability to analyze performance test results and identify bottlenecks.
API Testing:  
•    Experience with API testing tools such as Postman, SoapUI, RestAssured, Java, Rest Assured, Selenium, Postgre Sql/Oracle and Azure tool.
•    Ability to write and execute API test cases.
•    Experience with RESTful services and Proven experience in API testing with a strong understanding of testing methodologies
•    Exposure to Testing with Generative AI 
Defect Tracking and Test Management:  
•    Experience with defect tracking tools like JIRA, ADO.
•    Good to have knowledge on ADO, OCP, Grafana, Kibana and DevOps tools and process.
 
Qualifications
 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent degree
Skills and Experience
 
•    Strong Knowledge of SQL, ability to write complex SQL queries and experience with database testing.
•    Experience in Defect tracking tools like JIRA, ADO.
•    knowledge on ADO, OCP, Grafana, Kibana and DevOps tools and process.
•    Familiarity with Development Frameworks and Libraries like Truffle, Hardhat, Anchor, Vyper, Solidity, OpenZeppelin, , Ganache, Chainlink, Web3.js and blockchain API Testing
•    Good understanding / working experience on Digital Assets, Distributed Ledger Technologies, smart contracts, crypto currencies, Tokenization 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































