





















Associate Director, People Capability Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Associate Director, People Capability
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


52082
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


07/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        






















Job Description: 
        


 
JOB SUMMARY


Own and deliver the full early careers hiring agenda within the country, while acting as the strategic link between business demand, attraction strategy, campus engagement, and program delivery.


RESPONSIBILITIES


1.    Early Careers attraction approach & market alignment


•    Partner with Business and Branding team to develop and execute country-specific early careers attraction approach aligned to business hiring needs and market dynamics. 
•    Partner closely with campus engagement, employer branding and marketing teams to shape targeted outreach approaches. 
•    Provide expert counsel on talent market trends, university strategies, and candidate engagement approaches. 
•    Ensure attraction timelines, campaigns, and on-ground activities are delivered effectively and on schedule.


2.    Stakeholder partnership & relationship management 


•    Build and sustain trusted partnerships with hiring managers, business leaders, HR stakeholders and external partners. 
•    Provide regular updates, insights and guidance to stakeholders on hiring progress, market conditions and recruitment strategy. 
•    Strengthen collaboration across internal teams to ensure seamless delivery. 


3.    Candidate experience excellence


•    Champion a high-quality, consistent candidate experience across attraction, assessment, selection and onboarding.
•    Work in close partnership with business and operations teams to ensure smooth transitions from offer to joiner. 
•    Continuously identify opportunities to enhance the early careers candidate journey. 
 
4.    Programmatic and on-ground delivery 


•    Execute key elements of the early careers program experience locally, including campus and attraction events, networking sessions, induction, engagement activities and program milestones.
•    Support the delivery of broader early careers initiatives and development touchpoints within the country.
•    Ensure consistent execution aligned to global early careers standards while tailored to local market needs.


Risk Management


•    Ensure effective identification, management, monitoring and reporting of risks is undertaken in line with the Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF) in a way that is consistent with the authority and responsibilities of the role.
•    Effective understanding of operational risks and compliance with all applicable internal policies, external laws and regulation.


Governance


•    Awareness and understanding of the regulatory framework, in which the group operates, and the regulatory requirements and expectations relevant to the role.
•    Track the effectiveness of the team’s governance, oversight and controls and, if necessary, propose/implement changes in these areas.
•    Use data and reporting to track success measures and impact of early careers programmes ensuring appropriate oversight of strategic and operational effectiveness metrics that are used to ensure a high performing culture and vision for early careers talent. 
•    Engage with relevant audit report findings and ensure feedback is acted upon.
•    Ensure that all approved HR investments and capital / project expenditure are managed within the agreed enterprise project management standards. 
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct


•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key Stakeholders


•    Early Careers programme sponsors and business leaders
•    Colleagues participating in Early Careers recruitment, programmes and in talent pools
•    Global and Country HRBPs
•    Partners in HR Centre of Expertise
•    Risk / compliance and control partners


Qualification


•    Education - Bachelor’s degree or higher


 
 
Training     
•    Proven experience in programme or curriculum design, ideally in Early Careers or Development & Development in the global market.
•    Training & Development 
•    Familiarity with digital development tools, platforms, and content creation is a plus.
•    Proven experience in programme or curriculum design, ideally in Early Careers or Development & Development in the global market.
•    Familiarity with digital development tools, platforms, and content creation is a plus.    
•    Languages - English


Role Specific Technical Competencies
•    Development pathway architecture and curriculum design
•    Skills framework mapping and capability progression modelling
•    End-to-end development journey design and integration
•    Business capability translation into development outcomes
•    Experiential development and applied development design
•    Programme Management
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































