





















Credit Analyst - Risk Initiation Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Credit Analyst - Risk Initiation
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


49333
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 9
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


13/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        






















Job Description: 
        


 
JOB SUMMARY


Credit Initiation role to support Client onboarding application process and approvals for Secured and Unsecured products for Africa, Middle East & Jersey Market. 


RESPONSIBILITIES


•    Credit decision experience in either Mortgage underwriting, Credit card or Personal loan.
•    Responsible for assessing credit requests and producing a recommendation after undertaking a thorough analysis of a variety of factors and careful analysis of a client’s financial information, including income statements, cash flow history, current debt, and tax forms.
•    Responsible for evaluating the credit worthiness of potential borrowers via the underwriting of borrower financial statements, collateral coverage, and guarantor support.
•    Gathers financial information about organizations and individuals, such as valuable properties, income, savings, debts and payment history, give recommendations on whether it is safe to approve a loan or reduce a credit line


Strategy


•    Lead and co-ordinate the efforts to develop, deploy and optimize credit initiation servicing strategy and processes.


Business
•    Work with Country Management, Business Partners, Product Partners and other Risk team members to optimize performance and resource allocation. 
•    Identify and track Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to support strategy testing environment and daily operations. 
•    Identifying and reporting all weaknesses inherent in the standard controls 
 
Processes
•    Coordinates development of the design, management and adherence of key  operating controls and levers that improve credit initiation efficiency and customer experience.
•    To ensure underwriting of New Unsecured Loan Applications, Credit Card applications. as per policies in Credit DOI and Bulletins, adhering to strict time deadlines (TAT).
•    Ensure capacity is adequate to support country processing, and that linkage between capacity planning, volumes and expenses remains robust at all times


People & Talent
•    This is a non-People leader role however conducting training to new joiners and connect with team to explain changes would be part of this role. 


Risk Management


•    Catalogue and document all tests, strategies and outcomes implemented in Credit Initiation. 
•    Discretion to analyse and accept employment, Income, scorecard defers, application/behaviour scores, valuation risk ratings outside of policy (within CAD guidelines)


•    All the 3 p’s of the respective country and regulatory condition are adhered while decisioning the application , to manage risks 
•    To comply with the bank’s requirements of AML monitoring/reporting, KYC and all policies related to the group reputation risk.
Relevant DOI/Bulletins are checked before processing a request, in case of any exception the same is pended/rejected and reported.
 
Governance


In the event of serious regulatory breaches, policy breaches or where credit appetite have been breached, ensure senior management are informed and that actions are taken quickly to remediate and/or activities are ceased
Identifying and reporting all exceptions on non-compliance with standard controls Service level are to be checked and monitored and ensure there is no breach


Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Lead to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles 
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key Stakeholders


•    Retail Risk Operation- Credit representatives in group and country.
•    Group Side, process control 
•    Head Client Onboarding
 
Other Responsibilities
•    Embed Here for good and Group’s brand and values in AME-Credit Initiation. Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures; Multiple functions (double hats); [Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures]


Qualifications


•    UG/PG or Commerce, Mathematic (or )finance related qualification(or) business administration
•    2 to 4 years of relevant work experience or knowledge of the lending related activities/ documentation and to hand on experience with delegation to decision lending
•    Strong knowledge about Mortgage underwriting / unsecured products for Credit underwriting process


Role Specific Technical Competencies
•    Knowledge of Lending Product 
•    Knowledge of MS Office  
•    Communication Skill
•    Credit Analytical Skill
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































