





















Audit Manager - Functions(India, Malaysia) Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Audit Manager - Functions(India, Malaysia)
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


51364
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND, 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


30/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


14/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


 
JOB SUMMARY


This role could be based in India and Malaysia. When you start the application process you will be presented with a drop down menu showing all countries, Please ensure that you select a country where the role is based.


•    Group Internal Audit and Investigations (GIAI) is looking for an accomplished and highly motivated audit professional with a robust background and strong expertise around the key risks and controls in Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
•    The role-holder will be an integral part of the Functions Audit team. The team provides independent assessments of risk management and internal control environment of ERM globally.
•    We pride ourselves in being auditors of the future, forward-looking and agile with a keen focus on smarter auditing. When you join us, you will enter a role that challenges the status quo and moves mindsets and be a part of the future of banking.


RESPONSIBILITIES
Strategy
•    Support Audit Directors and Senior Audit Managers where required, in the development of the GIA risk assessment and development of an appropriate audit plan for the Enterprise Risk Management portfolio;
•    Propose audits for coverage during the audit cycle based on their knowledge of the business;  
•    Audits assigned to the individual in the audit plan should address the key risks identified in the detailed risk assessment and in the audit planning process and meet relevant regulatory requirements and expectations that are required to be covered by GIAI.
•    Ensure that audit team operates in line with the Audit Charter during engagements, remains independent from management and free from interference.
•    Build the knowledge, awareness and confidence across the GIAI teams so that over time, support for ERM audits outside of the Risk and Functions team can be tailored to need and that functional and product teams are confident in completing relevant audit tests. 
Business
•      Effectively manage the cost of assigned audits within the allocated budget for their areas within audit engagements 
 
Processes
•    To act as Team Lead/ Team Member on assigned audit work across the Group. 
•    Provide technical input and challenge on audit work being undertaken within the scope of assigned product area of responsibility. This will include working with the audit team to produce outputs of high quality which address the areas of greatest risk.
•    When Team Leading to provide clear guidance, detailed review and supervision of the audit team’s work so that audit deliverables meet quality standards and timelines in line with the GIA methodology.
•    When Team Leading to provide guidance on business/audit technical knowledge and management skills to team members to enable them to effectively deliver their assigned contributions for an audit.
•    Support adherence to the GIA methodology in all areas of the audit engagement, as well as raising awareness and understanding of the methodology.
•    Demonstrate sound knowledge of both business/technical areas and expert knowledge in the audit process, including the GIAI system, so that audit work is carried out to a high standard that meets all methodology and GIAI system requirements.
•    Monitor the implementation/delivery of the agreed issues/audit plans for the audits assigned, understanding the key risks arising, provide advice on resolution of issues to auditees/action plan owners and escalate audit findings that remain unresolved.
•    Demonstrates strong foundational analytics skills, with the ability to independently design, execute and interpret data driven audit tests. Proficient in using data analytics tools (e.g., SQL, Python, Excel advanced functions, Tableau, Power BI, or equivalent) to support audit planning, fieldwork and continuous monitoring activities.


Analytics Responsibilities
•    Apply data and analytics techniques during the audit cycle for better efficiency and effectiveness
•    Contribute to the design and implementation of effective continuous monitoring and automated testing strategies using analytics
•    Work with key stakeholders to understand data flow, data points for key systems relevant to the audit portfolio
 
People & Talent
•    Share knowledge to increase specialism within the function.
•    Influence change within the department by highlighting potential enhancements. 
•    Identify growth areas on an ongoing basis and identify how best to develop them.
•    When Team Leading provide performance feedback, as appropriate at the end of an audit.  
•    Identify and successfully complete key internal training for self-development.
•    Facilitate the development of audit team members by providing on the job training and recommending formal training to support GIAI activities.


Risk Management
•    Assist in the update of the assigned Continuous Risk Assessment on a regular basis to identify changes in risk profiles and document these in a timely manner, proposing changes to the assigned audit plan, as appropriate.
•    Promote early identification and escalation of risks, issues, trends and developments to relevant stakeholders. Be prepared to raise issues/concerns outside the normal audit process.
•    Adopt an anticipatory approach to risk assessment through stakeholder engagement and monitoring of the external environment to improve audit planning; and
•    Review MI and reports regularly to keep up-to-date with key trends within the business and audit deliverables.
 
Governance
•    Manage the relevant portfolio stakeholders and establish good working relationships to help the businesses improve the control environment and keep updated with changes in the business impacting their risk profile.
•    Use networks and relationships to build engagement and achieve results.
•    Escalate delays in the execution of audit work, both to auditee management and GIA Management.
•    Be able to clearly explain issues identified along with the risks and root causes to GIA and business management, using language designed to be understood by non-experts


Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key Stakeholders


•    Designated business stakeholders, typically related to assigned portfolio; and
•    GIAI stakeholders – team leaders, team members, team managers, Audit Directors, Senior Audit Directors.
 
Other Responsibilities
•    Embed Here for good and Group’s brand and values in GIA; and
•    Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures.


Qualifications
•    Experience in Audit, Governance, Risk or business environment.
•    Professional Audit or Accounting Certification preferred
•    Good Communicator, both written and verbal, with an ability to influence and gain respect of senior management, stakeholders, peers and their teams.
•    Confident and courageous to raise / escalate issues in a pro active, professional and timely manner.
•    Self-directed and able to work with minimum supervisions
•    Demonstrates understanding and commitment to the Group’s Core Values
•    Familiarity with Banking Regulations, including BCBS239 where possible,
•    Working experience with analytics/visualisation tools such as PowerBI, Tableau, or similar tools, and is able interpret and generate data insights using data visualisation 
•    Certifications around analytics and AI/Gen AI will be an advantage
 
Role Specific Technical Competencies
•    GIA Methodology and Systems
•    Stakeholder Engagement
•    Risk Assessment
•    Audit Planning
•    Audit Report Writing
•    Continuous Monitoring
•    Ability to work within a global team
•    Data analysis
•    Data insights (generation and interpretation)
•    Basic Tools ( MS Excel, Power BI etc.)
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































