





















Manager, Design Studio Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Manager, Design Studio
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


50824
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 7
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


16/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        






















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
The Sr Manager Content will be part of our Design Studio team that offers content and design services to the Bank. Design Studio is part of Group Enablement Services at Standard Chartered GBS. You will be responsible for crafting and enhancing content and communications that will be leveraged globally by our journey leaders (business heads) and management team across internal and external communications. 
The expert should have expertise in all or either of these areas social media / web /emailer writing/long form/ and brand-centered storytelling/ customer experience/ UI UX. They will craft various content types — including website copy, blog posts, social posts, leadership communication and product descriptions that address our target audiences and promote our brand. Research industry topics and trends, revise and edit pieces. The ideal candidates will be creative, strategic, detail-oriented, and able to meet deadlines and manage and lead teams.
Key Responsibilities
 
•    Looking for a candidate with 9+ years of relevant experience in content development/content creation.
•    Excellent written English with strong grammar, structure and tone control. Ability to write clearly and concisely for multiple audiences (clients, internal stakeholders, senior leaders)
•    Exceptional writing skills with impeccable grammar, spelling, and punctuation, along with the ability to craft compelling business communication (internal communications emailers, blogs and newsletters) for the organisation and engaging marketing copy across various platforms including client pitch collaterals
•    Showcase previous experience in creating effective marketing copy that drives engagement, conversion, and brand awareness across different channels such as websites, advertisements, brochures, and newsletters.
•    Should have experience in content creation of artefacts eg RM flyers, Sales talking points, client-facing emails customised to senior client leaders, copy vetting and strategic realignment of product FAQs, tech specs, product features, uses, why it is important, and any other resource materials 
•    Experience in crafting engaging copy for email campaigns, captivating subject lines, persuasive body content, and effective calls-to-action to optimise open rates, click-through rates, and conversion rates. 
•    Creating attention-grabbing social media posts across various platforms is good to have (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn) that drive user engagement, foster brand loyalty, and support overall marketing initiatives. 
•    Ability to adapt writing style and tone to suit different communication channels, target audiences, and brand voices, including but not limited to formal business communication, conversational marketing copy, and creative storytelling. 
•    Work closely with cross-functional teams including marketing, design, and sales to brainstorm ideas, develop content calendars, and ensure consistency in messaging across all touchpoints.
•    Capable of managing multiple projects simultaneously and delivering high-quality content within tight deadlines, while maintaining attention to detail and accuracy. 
•    Familiarity with basic analytics tools to track and analyse the performance of content campaigns, and the ability to use insights to refine content strategies and optimize future content efforts. 
•    Stay abreast of industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in content marketing and copywriting to continuously improve skills and contribute innovative ideas to the team.
•    Constructively challenges business on assumptions and goals; asks the relevant questions that effectively lead to deeper understanding of the task at hand so that best outcomes can be arrived at
 
Other Responsibilities


•    Banking / Global Business Services domain knowledge is good to have but not a necessity
•    Experience of running and managing large creative/design initiatives/teams
•    Excellent communication, presentation and documentation skills
•    Stakeholder management skills and project management skills
•    Proficiency in softwares like MS PPT, Word, Excel.
•    Strong understanding of design/ brand/ marketing.
•    Excellent attention to detail and ability to deliver high-quality work under tight deadlines.
•    Strong communication and teamwork skills.


Regulatory & Business Conduct 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Lead to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles 
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key stakeholders
•    Internal stakeholders
Skills and Experience
 
MS Office tools (PPT, Excel, Word)


Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Illustrator 
Adobe InDesign
Adobe Premier
Adobe After effects
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































