





















Senior Officer , CRC Documentation Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Senior Officer , CRC Documentation
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


47207
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 9
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


07/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


13/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
•    Perform all maker activities for Documentation team like Document preparation, BCA review, issuance of security compliance certificate etc  all input & Maintenance of Limits loaded in various TP systems, Deliver excellent service against agreed service standards, delivery standards, and minimal error rates as appropriate for Ops CRC CIB


Strategy


Targeted Improvements


•    Act as a service partner, work together with RMs, in-country Client Management (CM), Operations and other key internal stakeholders to solve issues and identify opportunities to improve overall service for the clients
•    Deliver excellent service against agreed service standards, delivery standards, and minimal error rates as appropriate


Business


•    Deliver Excellent Service and Provide Credit Documentation support for Corporate & Investment Banking (“CIB”) and Wealth & Retail Banking (“WRB”) clients business sector 
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters
•    Develop and maintain rapport with business stakeholders 
•    Adhere to first time-right principles
•    Provide insight and suggestions to improving processes, identifying opportunities to streamline and automate
•    Undertake ad-hoc duties and when delegated by Line Manager
•    Provide support to resolve technical operating problems by conducting investigations, rectifying errors. 
 
Processes


•    Review of proposed and approved BCA
•    Prepare BFL and collateral documents accurately as per the defined processes.  Ensure error free work with no operating losses
•    Ensure Individual Productivity targets are met / surpassed
•    Ensure that the documents obtained are accurate, valid and legally enforceable
•    Ensure that the updates of security and collaterals are timely and accurate
•    Issue Security Compliance Certificates in accordance with Policies, Global DOI and Guidelines, without violation of Credit Approval Terms
•    Lodge / Retrieve Documents as per the relevant Guidelines
•    Monitor / Diarize / Generate Reports as per the agreed terms with in– country 
•    Discharge of Custodial Functions as per Group Standards.
•    Discharge Key Holders Responsibilities as per Group Policies
•    Any other activity pertaining to Documentation Department.
•    To actively participate in BCP/DR and any other UAT
•    Perform Single Release Activity (as a Qualified Individual) as assigned by People Leader for the Identified Processes


People & Talent


•    Provide effective orientation /guidance to new Joiners on the bank’s policies/procedures/processes to ensure their successful assimilation into the team and the bank
•    Develop and implement a personal learning plan with team manager to attain necessary competencies 
•    Successfully complete milestones as laid out in implemented personal learning plan
 
Risk Management


•    Awareness and understanding of the regulatory framework in which the Group operates, and the regulatory requirements and expectations relevant to the role remit
•    Comply with applicable Money Laundering Prevention Procedures and report any suspicious activity to the operational risk manager and Line Manager
•    Ensure a clear and uniform approach towards implementation of the global operating model for all CM-related processes, and adherence to DOIs
•    Report any deviation (if any) to appropriate authorities and obtain proper dispensations
•    Proactively manage risks and establish/monitor controls to improve the overall state of the risk management and operating framework


Governance


•    Ensure compliance with the internal policies and credit policies, external policies, regulatory and statutory requirements
•    Undertake periodic self-assessment on key controls to assess the proper functioning and adequacy of existing controls
•    Highlight significant issues/errors to team leader


Regulatory & Business Conduct


•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
 
Key stakeholders


•    Client Management (CM) representatives in Group
•    In-country Client Management
•    Credit Documentation Unit
•    Unit Operational Risk Manager 
•    Front Office (RMs, CMs, CCMs)
•    Other internal Operational teams
•    Lending Documentation Unit


Other Responsibilities


•    Ensure that Productivity MIS is updated accurately and immediately after the completion of processing the respective transaction.
•    Ensure all control procedures prescribed for control of Scanned / fax documents / Credit mate SIFs received are actioned as per SLA 
•    Actively participate in automation Initiatives (as per the last year working file. This is applicable for Grade 9A and above)
•    Embed Here for good and Group’s brand and values in Ops CRC CIB team; 
•    Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures.
Skills and Experience
 
•    Operational Functions (Domain - Product, Process & Systems)
•    Process Management
•    Time / Resource Management
•    Operational Risk
•    Accuracy and Attention to Detail
•    Effective Communications
Qualifications
 
Education     


•    Preferably Commerce Graduate / Postgraduate


Training     


•    1-3 years of relevant work experience in the following areas:
•    Basic Product & process knowledge (knowledge in terms of customers, products and transactions)
•    Banking operations experience (Credit Risk, Documentation, Client Service, CDD, payments, trade, markets or other) and service-oriented attitude.
•    Effective communication skills.


Languages     


•    English 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance






















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































