





















T24 - Product Development Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














T24 - Product Development
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


48579
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 7
    


















Work Type: 
        


Hybrid Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


05/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


18/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
To support the development activities of T24 product in Wealth & Retail banking Projects.


Hiring resources in both Bangalore and Chennai location for multiple grades/roles - ( 6 - 15 years of experience) 
Key Responsibilities
 
-    Identify, design & develop as part of T24 upgrade/implementation such as 
o    Customization
o    Functionality 
o    Reports
o    Interfacing to external systems
o    Conversion programs
o    CoB jobs
-    Data migration & related activities
-    Performance optimization
-    Consultancy & support in product configuration, installation, upgradation, migration, releases, Updates/patches, etc 


-    Coordinate with Temenos on T24 setup & issues follow up/resolution.
-    Install custom enhancements and validate technical setup & conduct necessary technical testing
-    Provide clear and concise technical documentation.
-    Facilitate/conduct technical training as necessary.
-    Identify and validate any gaps together with proposals for their resolution (e.g. workarounds or changes in processes) and ensure any solutions proposed are realistic and within the agreed scope of the project


-    Facilitate, support & contribute towards SCB’ T24 road map w.r.t. cloud migration, Upgrade, convergence & effective utilization of core functional as well as technical capabilities
-    Provide guidance and advice to less experienced developers/consultants in case of complex technical issues arising in the project/program
-    Drives reuse culture by defining as well as by adopting reusable components
-    Involve actively in improvement initiatives and contribute based on the knowledge gained in projects to develop tools, templates and accelerators.
Skills and Experience
 
Should have T24 product knowledge and role does not require any people management. Below T24 product knowledge expected,


•    Hiring for multiple grade in the experience of 5 to 15+ years’ experience in T24 development
•    Mandatory work experience in T24 R18 & above in TAFJ
•    Programming in Info basic, Java, JavaScript
•    Knowledge of Application Server e.g. jboss
•    Working experience in RedHat Linux, IBM AIX OS
•    Understanding of RDBMS preferably Oracle & SQL knowledge
•    Essential Technical knowledge: to support design, analysis, and implementation of
•    T24 logging and monitoring.
•    SMS – Security Management system
•    Data Protection, (Encryption, masking, …)
•    Batch / COB
•    Good understanding & possible exposure to
•    Java VMs and artefacts (WAR and EAR files), performance tuning, JMS
•    Integration - data & interfaces
•    IRIS
•    Componentisation of applications
•    Role of an ESB for event driven messaging and orchestration
•    Security concepts & cryptography
•    Single Sign On concepts / supported solutions, LDAP / Active Directory
•    Web Services
•    API first architecture
•    Continual Release Deployment
•    Cloud hosting
•    Expert knowledge in 3 or more T24 functional products.
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































