

















Product Owner Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank




















Product Owner
























Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs


























Job Alerts Link














Job Details














Product Owner
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


21777
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        






















Work Type: 
        


Hybrid Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


01/08/2025
    


















Posting End Date: 
        






















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary


We are seeking a Product Owner to create and optimize digital sales journeys for our wealth, retail and business banking products. This role is instrumental for achieving business growth through superior digital experience on all digital sales journeys through website and mobile for new and existing customers. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in digital product management, customer experience optimization and digital sales funnel improvement.


Key Responsibilities


Strategy




Automate business processes with best solution to serve SCB clients. Drive >95% digital onboarding and >90% straight through. Improve efficiency and enhance customer service. Strategically plan and mitigate SCB level Obsolescence for OB.Partner with region and market wise stakeholders - digital, operations, risk, legal & compliance to assess/ improve business processes. Publish strategic approach and solution papers covering- scalability, extendibility and maintainability. Toll gate for SCB Obsolescence (aligned with architecture & technology) 




Business




Socialize and sell approach/solutions to group, region & markets. Engage Tech to get cost proposal and approve for solutions. Lead Delivery of programs & Implement solution within schedules. Own solutioning and risk mitigation in all areas of Operations, delivery, UAT, interfaces and technical. 




Processes




Establish testing methods for business apps- automation focused. Own, monitor and measure the benefits of solutions deployed. Review the product backlogs and sign off on MVPs for Markets. Understand the business value / benefit case (revenue, efficiency, saves, risks and regulatory) against each back log and 
question
 it. Ensure requirements into system’s parts and other related products with the support of architect & POs 




People & Talent 




Lead through example and exhibit the appropriate culture and values. Work in collaboration with Country, Technology and Risk and control partners. 




Risk Management




Responsible for identifying, assessing, monitoring, controlling and mitigating risks to the Group. 




Governance 




Display awareness and understanding of the Operational Risk Framework for Retail Banking. Responsible for identifying, assessing, monitoring, controlling and mitigating compliance risks pertaining to process changes 






Regulatory & Business Conduct 

•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 

•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.

•    
Guide
 the team to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: [Fair Outcomes for Clients; Effective Financial Markets; Financial Crime Compliance; The Right Environment.] * 

•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.

•    [Insert local regulator e.g. PRA/FCA prescribed responsibilities and Rationale for allocation].

[Where relevant - Additionally, for subsidiaries or relevant non -subsidiaries]

•    Serve as a Director of the Board of [insert name of entities]

•    Exercise authorities delegated by the Board of Directors and act in accordance with Articles of Association (or equivalent) 


Key stakeholders




Country, Group, Technology and Operations






Other Responsibilities




Embed Here for good and Group’s brand and values in team; Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures; Multiple functions (double hats); 




Skills and Experience




AGILE


Product Owner Certification


SQL




Qualifications




Bachelors or Masters in Business or relevant degree. Understanding of Retail Banking systems, processes and risk management.


Experience in Business Process Management (BPM) is a plus, but not essential. Strong communication skills to manage key stakeholders and senior business leaders expectations and to resolve conflicts/issues. Change Management expertise and ability to manage dependencies across multiple initiative, projects and programs.




About Standard Chartered


We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer


In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All

























































