





















Lead, Development Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Lead, Development
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


49387
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Hybrid Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


18/02/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        






















Job Description: 
        


Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy
•    Develop the strategic direction and roadmap for SCPAY, aligning with Business Strategy, ITO Strategy and investment priorities.
•    Tap into latest industry trends, innovative products & solutions to deliver effective and faster product capabilities 
•    Support CASH Management Operations leveraging technology to streamline processes, enhance productivity, reduce risk and improve controls
Business
•    Work hand in hand with Payments Business, taking product programs from investment decisions into design, specifications, solutioning, development, implementation and hand-over to operations, securing support and collaboration from other SCB teams
•    Ensure delivery to business meeting time, cost and high quality constraints
•    Support respective businesses in growing Return on investment, commercialisation of capabilities, bid teams, monitoring of usage, improving client experience, enhancing operations and addressing defects & continuous improvement of systems
•    Thrive an ecosystem of innovation and enabling business through technology 
Processes
•    Responsible for the end-to-end deliveries of the technology portfolio comprising key business product areas such as Payments & Clearing. Own technology delivery of projects and programs across global SCB markets that
•    develop/enhance core product capabilities
•    ensure compliance to Regulatory mandates
•    support operational improvements, process efficiencies and zero touch agenda
•    build payments platform to align with latest technology & architecture trends, improved stability and scale
•    Interface with business & technology leaders of other SCB systems for collaborative delivery.
 
People & Talent
•    Employee, engage and retain high quality talent to ensure Payments Technology team is adequately staffed and skilled to deliver on business commitments 
•    Lead through example and build appropriate culture and values. Set appropriate tone and expectations for the team and work in collaboration with risk and control partners.
•    Bridge skill / capability gaps through learning and development
•    Ensure role, job descriptions and expectations are clearly set and periodic feedback provided to the entire team
•    Ensure the optimal blend and balance of in-house and vendor resources
Risk Management
•    Be proactive in ensuring regular assurance that the Payments ITO Team is performing to acceptable risk levels and control standards
•    Act quickly and decisively when any risk and control weakness becomes apparent and ensure those are addressed within quick / prescribed timeframes and escalated through the relevant committees
•    Balance business delivery on time, quality and cost constraints with risks & controls to ensure that they do not materially threaten the Group’s ability to remain within acceptable risk levels 
•    Ensure business continuity and disaster recovery planning for the entire technology portfolio
Governance
•    Promote an environment where compliance with internal control functions and the external regulatory framework 
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
Key stakeholders
•    Solution Architect – SCPAY
•    SCPAY – Programme Managers
•    Group Payments Product Development Heads
•    Group Cash Operations 
Qualifications
 
•    Minimum 13 yrs of experience in the Dev role and in that a couple of years of experience as Dev lead role is an added advantage, good knowledge in Java, Microservices and Spring boot
•    Technical Knowledge: Java / Spring Boot, Kafka Streams, REST, JSON, Netflix Micro Services suite ( Zuul / Eureka / Hystrix etc., ), 12 Factor Apps, Oracle, PostgresSQL, Hazelcast & ELK
•    Ability to work with geographically dispersed and highly varied stakeholders
•    Very Good communication and interpersonal skills to manage senior stakeholders and top management
•    Knowledge on JIRA and Confluence tools are desired
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































