





















Business Analyst, CLM Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Business Analyst, CLM
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


51411
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


31/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


30/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
•    Lead the capability to realise business value through the creation and delivery of a product roadmap and its associated product backlog 
•    Lead the valuation of business initiatives, requirements gathering and produce analysis artefacts to drive change initiatives: operating model, process maps and business requirements
•    Support the engagement of key stakeholders across client facing divisions, product areas, Legal and Compliance and Financial Crime Risk, etc.
•    Providing vision and direction to the Agile development team and stakeholders throughout the project and create requirements 
•    Provide backlog management, iteration planning, and elaboration of the business initiatives and collaboration on epics and user stories
Key Responsibilities
 
Business
•    Ensure the voices of clients and relevant stakeholders are represented
•    Develop an understanding of all areas of the Group CLM Policy and Procedures as a foundation for creating supportive relationships with Policy and Process teams
•    Within sprints, assess value, develop cases, and prioritize stories, epics and themes to ensure work focuses on those with maximum value that are aligned with product strategy
•    Provide an active role in mitigating impediments impacting successful team completion of Release/Sprint Goals
•    Research and analyse market, the users, and the roadmap for the product, feeding this into the Product ownership team
•    Follow our competitors and the industry 
•    Keep abreast with Agile/Scrum best practices and new trends
•    Empowered decision maker from the 1st Line
•    Accountable for
•    Maximizing the business value of their product
•    Delivering their 'product's' contribution to the Business plan and QPR scorecard
•    Ensure that the team always has an adequate amount of prior prepared tasks to work on
•    Optimize value delivery through continuous improvement, feedback from relevant stakeholders /SMEs/ customers and prioritization of backlog
•    Develop and maintain the product vision and roadmap with (C)POs, squads and stakeholders
•    Continuous Backlog management; expressing Backlog items clearly and in a consumable format
•    Create transparency around backlog item progress, blockers, impediments, dependencies, and product value delivery via metrics
•    Is present at all required ceremonies/events to provide early and continuous feedback and prioritisation
•    Ensure all artefacts and assurance deliverables are as per the required standards and policies (e.g., nWOWS, CGP)
 
People & Talent
•    Is a core member of the team, 100% dedicated to the role. They may support more than one team, only if the team's backlog items are derived from the same Product Backlog.
•    Work with Scrum Master and squad members to build an empowered, high performing team in a psychologically-safe environment
Risk Management
•    Ensure regular engagement and management of Process Change, Operational and Delivery Risk for their backlog (and all other relevant Risk requirement)
Governance
•    Ensure compliance with delivery model governance, refinement forums, monthly and quarterly performance reviews
•    Ensure support for Risk Framework Owners from CFCC, Operational Risk and Cybersecurity 
Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
Key stakeholders
•    CCIB business stakeholders, CCIB COO including Client Management and CLDM and Technology
Skills and Experience
 
•    A minimum of 10+ years’ experience as a Business Analyst is required
•    Must have worked on global enterprise scale application developments and implementations, preferably in an Agile environment


•    Must have – Hands on experience as a Business Analyst in writing business initiatives, business cases, epics, features, user stories and working with scrum team


•    Must have – Hands on experience as a Business Analyst in driving business requirements for Case Management & Orchestration capabilities and integration requirements.










•    Good working knowledge & experience in Wholesale Banking, especially in the client on-boarding Case Management & Orchestration capability




Certification in Business Analysis/CBAP/ Agile methodology / Scrum master is added advantage




•    Outstanding presentation skills and highly effective verbal and written English communication skills
•    Ability to effectively communicate business priorities, complex concepts and models and business information to a technical and non-technical audience at analyst and senior management level
•    Strong problem-solving skills to perform root cause analysis
•    Ability to quickly absorb and learn new systems, methodologies and types of information. 
•    Ability to facilitate workshops, discussions and meetings with stakeholders at all levels
•    Ability to form strong working relationships with stakeholders and team members
•    Proficient in tools such as Microsoft Office, Confluence, JIRA, Mural, Azure, etc. 










 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































