





















Audit Manager - Functions Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Audit Manager - Functions
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


52228
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


08/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


23/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
•    Group Internal Audit & Investigations (GIAI) in Standard Chartered Bank is looking for an exceptional and dynamic Audit Manager to join our Group Finance. This is a role that provides exposure to auditing and risk management of Business Finance risks at a global scale and offers significant career development opportunities. 
•    This role primarily focuses on auditing Finance including stress testing and corporate planning risks from a Group perspective and there will be opportunities to learn about Group framework, policies and standards across Principal Risk Types with a focus on Financial Reporting risks to influence and drive changes.
•    To act as Team Lead/ Team Member, as necessary, and take responsibility for contributing to the delivery of high-quality Group and Country Finance audits, the performance of which cause minimal disruption to the business. 
•    To role model the valued behaviours and develop an environment in which positive behaviours are celebrated and poor culture is challenged. 
•    To execute assigned audit work, as well as the work carried out by the team, in an efficient and effective manner, within the given budget and timelines, and in line with GIA methodology standards. 
•    To clearly identify the risks and impact of issues during issue writing, agreeing these issues with management and obtaining quality management action plans to mitigate the risks raised. 
•    To support GIA audit teams by providing product knowledge and expertise for their audits relating to the individual’s area of responsibility. 
•    Issue validation: All audit issue action plans agreed during audit fieldwork should be tracked through to completion in accordance with methodology requirements
•    This role will get to work on complex audits such as cross-functional and multi-location high risk audits and will also provide you the opportunities to interact and engage with both Group and Country Stakeholders. 
•    You will also get to learn about different Risk Types and get to engage with different Risk Groups relevant to FP&A such as Financial Books and Records, Compliance, Data Privacy, Group Operational Risk etc.
•    The role reports to Audit Director, Group Finance. 
Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy
•    Audits assigned to the individual in the GIA audit plan should address the key risks identified in the detailed risk assessment and in the audit planning process and meet relevant regulatory requirements and expectations that are required to be covered by GIA. 
•    Ensure that audit team operates in line with the Audit Charter during engagements, remains independent from management and free from interference


Business
•    Participate as a Team Lead in audit work, with opportunities to team supervise audits depending on the skills of the individual.
•    Support the Audit Supervisor by executing audit planning, fieldwork and reporting for work assigned in an efficient and effective manner such that audit work meets the given budget, quality standards and timelines.
•    Assist in the drafting of the audit programme, audit observations/ issues and support team leader/ team manager in preparing the audit report.
•    Apply an in-depth understanding of, and compliance with, GIA methodology standards and the GIA system in all areas of assigned GIA activity. 
•    Evaluate quantitative and qualitative data (using data analytics) to diagnose underlying issues, patterns and root causes.
•    Monitor/track assigned audit issues and action plans and report overdue items to the Head of Audit (HOA) for resolution.
•    Support GIA audit teams by providing SME knowledge and expertise for their audits.
 
Processes
•    To act as Team Member/ Lead on assigned audit work across the Group. 
•    When team leading to provide clear guidance, detailed review and supervision of the audit team’s work so that audit deliverables meet quality standards and timelines in line with the GIA methodology. 
•    When Team Leading to provide guidance on business/audit technical knowledge and management skills to team members to enable them to effectively deliver their assigned contributions for an audit. 
•    Provide technical input and challenge on audit work being undertaken within the scope of assigned product area of responsibility. This will include working with the audit team to produce outputs of high quality which address the areas of greatest risk.
•    Support adherence to the GIA methodology in all areas of the audit engagement, as well as raising awareness and understanding of the methodology. 
•    Demonstrate sound knowledge of both business/technical areas and expert knowledge in the audit process, including the GIA system, so that audit work is carried out to a high standard that meets all methodology and GIA system requirements. 
•    Monitor the implementation/delivery of the agreed issues/audit plans for the audits assigned, understanding the key risks arising, provide advice on resolution of issues to auditees/action plan owners and escalate audit findings that remain unresolved
•    To clearly identify the risks and impact of issues during issue writing, agreeing these issues with management and obtaining quality management action plans to mitigate the risks raised.
•    To perform continuous monitoring of assigned areas of Finance (stress testing) and to build and maintain engagement with stakeholders. 
•    To take responsibility for the implementation and support of department-wide exercises such as annual planning, risk assessment and training.
•    To support GIA audit teams by providing product knowledge and expertise for their audits relating to the individual’s area of responsibility.
•    To attend and represent GIA at formal committees and Group meetings, providing meaningful challenge and data-driven insights, as assigned.
•    Serve as the GIA portfolio subject matter expert – proactively engage with peers and stakeholders to maintain, build and share knowledge.
 
People & Talent
•    Build good working relationships with the business to facilitate execution of audit work, help improve the control environment and keep updated with changes in the risk profile of the business. 


Risk Management
•    Assist in the update of the assigned Continuous Risk Assessment on a regular basis to identify changes in risk profiles and document these in a timely manner, proposing changes to the assigned audit plan, as appropriate. 
•    Promote early identification and escalation of risks, issues, trends and developments to relevant stakeholders. Be prepared to raise issues/concerns outside the normal audit process. 
•    Adopt an anticipatory approach to risk assessment through stakeholder engagement and monitoring of the external environment to improve audit planning; and 
•    Review MI and reports regularly to keep up to date with key trends within the business and audit deliverables


Governance
•    Manage the relevant portfolio stakeholders and establish good working relationships to help the businesses improve the control environment and keep updated with changes in the business impacting their risk profile. 
•    Use networks and relationships to build engagement and achieve results. 
•    Escalate delays in the execution of audit work, both to auditee management and GIA Management. 
•    Be able to clearly explain issues identified along with the risks and root causes to GIA and business management, using language designed to be understood by non-experts
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct


•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key stakeholders
•    Designated business stakeholders, typically related to individual audit assignments and the assigned portfolio; and
•    GIA stakeholders – team leaders, team members, team managers, Product, Functional, Country and Regional Heads of Audit.


Other Responsibilities
Embed Here for good and Group’s brand and values. Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures.
 
Skills and Experience
 
•    Qualified accountant with auditing experience or a risk and governance / businessperson with relevant experience in Finance including stress testing with a Bank of global scale or Big-4 Accounting firm. 
•    Understanding of business finance risks including interpretation of key accounting standards, regulations and reporting.
•    Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, with ability to influence business management, other stakeholders and peers.
•    Confident and courageous to raise/escalate issues in a proactive, professional and timely manner.
•    Track record of performing work independently with minimal supervision and meeting stretch timelines; comfortable to deal with ambiguity and solve problems.
•    Ability to collect and objectively analyse and apply information, “thinking out of the box” where necessary, in supporting the planning, fieldwork or reporting of results of audit engagements.
•    Displays initiative and knows when and how to seek guidance. Willingness and capacity to learn on the job.
•    Responds enthusiastically to tasks allocated, accepts responsibility readily and demonstrates business professionalism.
•    Good time management, well-organised with the ability to prioritise and plan workload to ensure delivery to timescales.
•    Ability to work in a team and willingness to assist team members.
•    Flexibility to work across different functions and situations globally, and change priorities at short notice.
Role Specific Technical Competencies
 
•    In depth understanding of finance processes including stress testing process and methodologies.
•    In depth understanding of risk and controls, particularly related to financial and operations processes
•    Strong communicator, both written and verbal, with ability to clearly explain controls to be tested and risks identified to audit and business management
•    Knowledge or other GCFO processes such as Financial Reporting, Business Finance & Financial Controls. 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































