





















Director, SC PrismFX Sales, India Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Director, SC PrismFX Sales, India
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


51324
    


















Job Location: 
        


Mumbai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 5
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


23/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


24/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
Strategy
•    Formulate a holistic strategy across customer segments, industries, key customers, products and partners to grow the SC PrismFX (FX on the back of Cash and Trade transactions) business in India.
•    The strategy needs to be backed by a well-defined action plan with timelines. 


Business
•    Originate new SC PrismFX business by working with clients to understand and identify FX exposures in their payment, collections and trade financing transactions and solutioning for their requirements. Illustrative examples include solutioning for paying into exotic corridors, FX risk mitigation, cross currency financing and digitalization of treasury processes.
•    Design and drive initiatives across the organization to empower Transaction Banking Sales, Financial Market Sales and Banking to originate SC PrismFX deals and grow the business. 
•    Deepen penetration and grow SC PrismFX business of existing clients to new markets in Standard Chartered’s network. 
•    Facilitate collaboration between Transaction Banking and Financial Markets by leveraging each other’s expertise (leverage Financial Markets expertise to grow the Transaction Banking business and vice versa)
•    Maintain clear and effective communication with key stakeholders across Financial Markets, Transaction Banking, Banking and Control Functions. 
•    Collaborate with Product teams to ensure product development is consistent with client asks and monetization opportunities.
•    Manage and develop internal and external partnerships which help enhance the product offering and client experience.
•    Awareness of competitor landscape and monitoring of market and business environment which our clients and the Bank operate in. 
•    Refresh the Bank’s SC PrismFX product offering to clients creating a distinct brand/identity in agreement with Markets, TB and Brand & Marketing.
Key Responsibilities
 
Processes
•    Review existing product, system and process set-up and benchmark to create market leading position. 
•    Manage stakeholder relationships across control and support functions to enhance policies and procedures to grow the SC PrismFX business in a sustainable fashion.


People & Talent
•    Lead through example and build the appropriate culture and values.  Set appropriate tone and expectations amongst colleagues and work in collaboration with business, risk and control partners.
•    Actively communicate vision, priorities and progress to the business to foster engagement, awareness and motivation
•    Contribute to continuous process improvement and sharing best practices. 


Risk Management
•    Drive a culture across SC PrismFX that has adherence to all Group Policies and relevant legislation covering credit, operational, reputational risk among others.  
•    Commitment to Group Code of Conduct and act as a role model for Conduct 
•    Timely completion of all mandatory e-learning, attestations, compliance requirements and requests for information. 
 
Governance
•    Create and manage pricing protocols for SC PrismFX which are consistent with the key principle of treating clients fairly and adhere to any regulatory requirements, while reflecting volume and risk related tiers.  Simplify the ability for sales teams to make pricing decisions while ensuring appropriate returns are met.
•    Responsible for assessing the effectiveness of the Group’s arrangements to deliver effective governance, oversight and controls in the business and, if necessary, oversee changes in these areas for the SC PrismFX team
•    Awareness and understanding of the regulatory framework in which the Group operates, and the regulatory requirements and expectations relevant to the role.
•    Willingness to ‘speak up’ in the event of any realised or perceived breach of group conduct rules or laws by colleagues
•    Willingness to work with any local regulators in an open and cooperative manner. 


Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Lead the SC PrismFX team  to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: [Fair Outcomes for Clients; Effective Financial Markets; Financial Crime Compliance; The Right Environment.  
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
 
Key stakeholders
•    Markets / SC PrismFX Product Management
•    Markets Sales
•    Head of TB Cash
•    Head of TB Trade
•    TB Sales
•    TB & Markets CFCC
•    Markets COO
•    TB COO
•    Relationship Team
•    External clients
•    External partners/vendors


Other Responsibilities
•    As delegated by line management from time to time
Skills and Experience
 
•    FX Markets
•    Cross Border Payments
•    Trade Finance
•    Stakeholder Management
•    Business Communication
Qualifications
 
Education     Graduate 
Training     All Trainings Assigned from time to time
Certifications     FEDAI
Languages     Multiple Incl. English, Hindi etc.
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance




















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































