





















VP, Technology & Cyber Risk, International Coverage Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














VP, Technology & Cyber Risk, International Coverage
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


43897
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 5
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


07/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


08/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
Operational, Technology and Cyber Risk (OTCR) is a second line-of-defence Risk department that provides independent challenge, guidance, and oversight of first line-of-defence (1LoD) risk management. OTCR comprises coverage teams that oversee risk in the Bank’s lines of business and SME teams that provide deep expertise, setting the Bank’s OTCR risk management approach. OTCR sets the Bank’s approach for managing Information and Cyber Security (ICS) and Technology Risks across the Group. Both ICS and Technology risk are owned in 1LoD. OTCR provides independent challenge, guidance, and oversight of how risks are being managed.


This is a senior Band 5A, individual contributor position that reports directly to the Head, OTCR, International, Policy & Regulatory Management. We are actively seeking top-performing candidates, in which we see a growth trajectory, to take on more leadership responsibility in the near future.


This position spans two roles; a Technology & Operations (T&O) coverage role and an ICS & Tech SME role. It is a permanent role, requiring strong business acumen and familiarity with the regulatory landscape in the Bank’s market, deep knowledge and experience in the ICS and Technology risk field.


For the coverage role, the person will be responsible for review, challenge and (where relevant) approval on core ICS and Technology risk matters in Technology & Operations.


For the SME role, the person will help, guide, and support informed decision-making and risk management with specialist knowledge and expertise. The role will be delivered through consultation, stakeholder engagement and SME insights. It does not involve approval responsibilities.
Key Responsibilities
 
The successful candidate will have a strong understanding of operating in a second line ICS and Tech Risk capacity and strong experience working with market regulators. They should be able to respond flexibly and collaboratively to evolving business, regulatory and threat requirements.


The role will provide oversight and challenge of ICS and Technology risk management as a risk partner to country leadership, as defined in the Bank’s ICS and Operational & Technology Risk Type Frameworks.


The role will focus on the following key activities:


· Coverage: Regulatory Engagement. Supporting and, where relevant, executing ICS & Technology risk regulatory engagement in relevant markets.


· Coverage: Managing Regulatory Change. Horizon scanning, impact and gap analysis of relevant regulatory change. This includes monitoring of regulatory implementation and driving Bank efforts to ensure compliance.


· Coverage: Business Strategy and Corporate Plans. Review, challenge and expert advice on corporate plan, evaluating with consideration of Risk Appetite, RCSAs, and business initiatives.


· Coverage: Risk & Control Self Assessments (RCSAs). Overseeing, supporting timely and accurate RCSA execution in relevant markets.


· Coverage: Risk Committees. Supporting high-quality, concise risk papers on ICS & Tech risk to relevant committees.


· Coverage/SME: Risk Appetite. Ensure timely and accurate risk profile reporting. Consult stakeholders in case of breaches.


· SME: Help, guide, and support informed decision-making and risk management with specialist knowledge and expertise. The role will be delivered through consultation, stakeholder engagement and SME insights. It does not involve approval responsibilities.
 
Key stakeholders


· Country and Cluster CEO


· Regional & Country Chief Risk Officers


· Regional & Country OTCR Heads


· Regional & Country Technology Managers


· Regional & Country CISO


· Country Compliance Officer


· Banking Regulators


· OTCR Policy Owners


p, Country, Business or Functional, Frameworks, policies, standards and procedures.
Skills and Experience
 
• Technical Foundations


• ICS and Technology Risk Assessment & Management


• Security frameworks & standards


• Risk Management Methodologies


• Threat Intelligence and Analysis


• Continuous Learning of Emerging Technologies


• Communication & Reporting 
Qualifications
 
Education
• Degree in Cyber Security or Technology or equivalent 


Experience 


• Proven experience in an information security office, senior governance and policy, ICS/ Technology Risk or Operational Risk or Audit role


• Thorough understanding of IT security business process risks, threats, and internal controls relevant for managing and mitigating risks.


• Strong knowledge of cyber security and technology frameworks, information security principles, architecture.


• Technical knowledge across a broad range of ICS and technology risk capabilities including Cyber Defence, Security Monitoring, Analytics, DLP, Access management, Cloud etc. etc.


• Strong leadership, negotiation and collaboration skills, and ability to work effectively in a complex multicultural and multi-time zone organization.


• Strong interpersonal and stakeholder management skills with experience across various levels in the organization including senior leadership teams, in influencing key decisions taken in the business and in support teams. 


• Ability to collect and analyse data, establish facts, and make recommendations based on sound risk management principles.


• A passion for keeping technical knowledge and skills up to date and horizon scanning new and emerging thematic risks from new technology or techniques.


• Ability to articulate inherent and residual risk with specific ability to communicate complex ICS, technology and process risk clearly, concisely, and accurately to non-technical stakeholders in a lucid way. 


• Must be a self-starter who is able to initiate and successfully drive initiatives to completion with little or no management supervision.


Certifications 


• Professional certifications related to ICS and Technology risk are desirable (e.g., CCSP, CRISC, CISA, CISSP, CISM, GIAC etc).


Languages 
• Excellent English communication skills – oral and written.
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance




















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































