





















Snr Manager, Engg Analyst - HR Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Snr Manager, Engg Analyst - HR
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


51228
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


01/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


12/07/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy
•    Plan and lead Analysis & Design Fit –Gap Workshops. This will include challenging Business Users on their assumptions of how they will successfully execute their plans and meet business and regulatory requirements
Business
•    Collaborate with the HR Community to elicit Business Requirements using a variety of techniques. The preferred methodology may include - interviews, document analysis, workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task analysis and workflow analysis.
•    Work directly with HR Stakeholders to understand HR processes and strategies and determine when to leverage HR Technology and where alternate solutions may be preferable.
Processes
•    Produce the required documentation using organizational standard templates to support the Business Analysis Phase. This will include, but will not be limited to; Feasibility Study, Fit-Gap Outcomes and Traceability Matrix etc 
People & Talent
•    Contribute to project planning and management of milestones
•    Assist the Project Manager in ensuring that project dependencies and inter-dependencies across the entire Programme of HR Projects are understood. This will involve anticipating and planning for how Project Team decisions will impact solution delivery across the entire Programme of HR Projects
•    Ensure that the Project Manager is aware of all potential Issues & Risks and provide options for managing risk
•    Influences the Project Team to create and maintain alignment around the Project Objectives, Benefits, Scope and Key Challenges which may affect delivery of the Project according to specified timelines
Governance
•    Ensuring high quality and on time delivery of project requirements based on established scope & schedule parameters. 
•    Follow and support organization specific Governance related processes to keep the project in compliant status. 
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
Key stakeholders
•    HR business process team, COE members, Product Owners, Scrum team – Developers, Testing teams, Production support team, Business solution teams, Technology project and program managers 
Other Responsibilities
•    Work directly with HR Stakeholders to understand HR processes and strategies and determine when to leverage HR Technology and where alternate solutions may be preferable. 
•    Produce the required documentation using organizational standard templates to support the Business Analysis Phase. This will include, but will not be limited to; Feasibility Study, Fit-Gap Outcomes and Traceability Matrix etc.
•    Lead the HR Technology Design Phase with stakeholders
•    Use the outcomes of the Analysis Phase to design solution(s) in existing core HR technology platform (Success Factor, PeopleSoft HCM, Taleo) which meet user requirements, satisfies regulatory objectives, utilizes vanilla technology wherever possible and achieves cost / benefit expectations within the design principles defined by the Project. 
•    Produce detailed Functional Solution Design documents and partner with the relevant Project Stakeholders to achieve sign-off. 
 
•    Support the Technical developers throughout the Technical Design phase. 
•    Partner with the Process Team to design effective and efficient HR Business & System Processes
•    Perform unit testing for all HR Core Stories.
•    Work with the Testing Team to ensure accurate and valid Functional System Test Plans & Execution
•    Contribute to User Acceptance Testing as required
•    Collaborate with the Testing and Technical Team to confirm other the strategy and plan for other testing phases such as Integration, Performance and / or Regression testing
•    Support test manager in investigation and resolution of defects
•    Supporting Go-Live and Cutover tasks. 
•    Involvement in out of hours User Validation testing at go-live
•    Providing operational support following Go-Live and ensuring transition to service in a business-as-usual environment.
Skills and Experience
 
•    SAP – SuccessFactors
Qualifications
 
Education
•    University Degree Qualification
Training
•    SuccessFactors
Certification
•    SuccessFactors Employee Central Certification is mandatory
Required Experience: 
•    6-8 years of experience working with HR systems like SuccessFactors
•    Experience in implementation with 2-3 full lifecycle delivery
•    Experience with designing workflow and approvals would be highly regarded. 
•    Experience in designing solutions for integrating HR application to vendor systems hosted in Cloud / non Cloud via APIs (strong knowledge of APIs) is required with an understanding of configuration best practice and product capability. 
•    Experience working with HR Technology projects with a Regulatory focus across multiple countries would be well regarded. 
•    Prior experience of standardizing complex, varied HR processes into elegant global solutions is an advantage
•    Experienced with Azure development environment.
•    Experienced with Azure DevOps services including pipeline creation. 
•    Experience in implementation with 2-3 full lifecycle delivery
•    Strong understanding of system implementation, integration & IT dependencies
•    Agile experience or exposure.
•    Effective interpersonal, communication skills to articulate at different levels of organization hierarchy 
•    Creative mind – be able to suggest ideas and drive innovation.
•    Good communication skills – oral and written.
•    Strong organizational, time management and administration skills.
•    Strong analytical, numerical and problem-solving skills.
 
Required Skills / Knowledge / Behavior:
•    Strong HR Operational and Process Improvement skills aligned to strong functional HR Technology skills.
•    Ability to critically evaluate vendor offerings from a business process and technology perspective and make objective recommendations 
•    The proven ability to work under pressure across multiple global projects with complex requirements and challenges. 
•    The candidate must have strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively at all levels in the organization with both onshore and offshore teams. This will require a clear and concise communication style. 
•    Requires minimal direction in handling challenging or complex situations but understands when to escalate to Project Manager to ensure issues and risks are managed effectively. 
•    Can work independently to strict timeframes 
•    Ability to adapt to the standard project methodology of the organization as required. 
Comfortable reviewing and transforming large volumes of data with accuracy and within time constraints. 
•    Proficiency in PowerPoint, and Excel. 
•    Strong HR Operational and Process Improvement skills required
•    Strong data analysis skills
Top 3 must have skills
•    Good Communication, Facilitation and Elicitation Skills
•    Analytical, Problem-Solving, Critical Thinking Skills. 
•    Documentation and Specification Skills supported by high quality Visual Modeling
•    Experience working with multi-location project delivery team is preferred.
•    Good communication skill (in English) and written skill (in English) to produce project required documentation
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance






















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































