





















Associate, CIB Credit Risk Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Associate, CIB Credit Risk
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


51383
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 7
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


24/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


30/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
As a Band 7 role supporting SCB AG within the Global Risk Services Organisation, the position will act as a second line of defence for the CIB portfolio, specifically tailored to SCB AG’s operational segments and requirements. The remit will primarily focus on oversight of risk management activities and metrics for segments such as Corporate Banking, Financial Institutions, and Specialized Finance 
Key tasks include:
•    Providing independent check and review of credit origination proposals, ensuring alignment with SCB AG’s risk appetite and regulatory obligations.
•    Maintaining portfolio quality by monitoring key risk indicators, identifying emerging risks within SCB AG’s segments, and escalating to Senior Credit Managers in SCB AG.
•    Providing assistance to the Senior Credit Managers on ad-hoc projects as required.
•    Contributing to the development and maintenance of risk management capabilities within the Function, ensuring ongoing compliance with SCB AG’s strategic objectives and regulatory requirements.
•    Ensuring all roles and responsibilities are performed in accordance with the Service Level Agreement (SLA) between Global Risk Services and SCB AG, while upholding the spirit of the recommending credit risk officer as outlined in the job description. 
Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy
•    Aligning with Group’s Business Strategy with the provision of cost and impairment forecasts and a balanced judgement on the external environment.
•    Provide proactive and holistic risk management through identification of emerging risks in the portfolio and assist the SCM/SCO to keep the portfolio in good shape and ensure appropriate risk culture and discipline.


Business
•    Communicate the strategic intent and collective agenda for the Risk Function.
•    Maintain and develop the Function’s risk capabilities, and skills to meet ongoing business needs and plans.
•    Identify measure and monitor material risk affecting the portfolio in the context of the external market environment.


Processes
•    Support the Senior Credit Manager (SCM)
•    Oversee all pertinent credit and monitoring procedures for the assigned portfolio.
•    Ensure robust management of operational risks within the Function, maintaining compliance with all relevant internal policies, as well as legal and regulatory requirements.
•    Drive continuous enhancement in the operational efficiency and effectiveness of the Function’s risk management processes.


People & Talent 
•    Uphold and reinforce the independence of the Function from those whose primary responsibility is to maximise short-term revenues and profits.
•    Ensure the provision of ongoing training and development of the Function’s people Lead through example and build the appropriate culture and values within the business and across the wider organisation.
•    Effective team-work and shared goals between the various units in Client Relationship and the rest the Bank.
 
Risk Management
•    Ensuring that the quality of Business Credit Applications (BCAs) and other credit submissions meet SCB AG standards, particularly with regards to the completeness and depth of risk analysis.
•    Ensuring adherence to Country Portfolio Guidelines and Local Lending  Policy (from credit risk perspective) 
•    Ensuring that Credit Policy breaches are identified and notified to SCM.
•    Ensuring credit related issues are raised in a timely manner to SCM.
•    Ensure compliance to the Operational Risk framework including the effective application of risk toolkit (self-assessments, KRIs, KCSs, etc) and reporting. 
•    Exercise risk control responsibility for the portfolio.
•    Ensure effective implementation of SCB AG Policies / Circulars / Procedures.


Governance 
•    Assisting Senior Credit Managers/ Senior Credit Officers to deliver effective governance, oversight and controls in the business. 
•    Awareness and understanding of the regulatory framework, in which SCB AG operates, and the regulatory requirements and expectations relevant to the role.


Regulatory & Business Conduct 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.


Key stakeholders
•    SCB AG Senior Credit Managers and Senior Credit Officers
Skills and Experience
 
•    Candidates should hold a relevant degree and demonstrate a willingness to learn and develop within the banking sector. While prior experience is not required, an interest in understanding risk assessment and metrics is key. Applicants should show potential for sound judgement in credit risk matters, possess good interpersonal abilities, and demonstrate an openness to working with colleagues from diverse backgrounds.
•    Risk management and control: Candidates should display an eagerness to learn about risk management in a variety of settings and gain an understanding of process design and controls, even if they have not yet had practical experience in this area.
•    Training: CCC and risks in complex transactions and all bank-wide regulatory / compliance training applicable
•    Strong written and spoken communication skills in English. Working knowledge of a second language would beneficial.


•    External: 
•    Internal: Core Credit Curriculum
•    E-learnings:  As advised, from time to time. 
Role Specific Technical Competencies
 
Proficiency in reading financial statements


Attention to details


Credit Risk Assessment


Credit Policies and Process 


Communication skill


Stakeholder management experience


Willingness to work in shifts timing (11 AM - 8 PM IST), if needed
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance




















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































