





















Associate Director & Portfolio Strategist Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Associate Director & Portfolio Strategist
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


36250
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


08/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


26/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
•    The incumbent should have relevant experience in equity research, relationship management, portfolio construction & management, and direct equity investment products. 
•    The primary role will be to act as an interface with Standard Chartered Private / Priority Banking clients for their trading, advisory, Portfolio and service needs, aimed at addressing their equity and related ambitions. 
•    It entails close interaction with the Pvb / Prb / Wealth specialist teams at SCB.
•    Contribute to strategy design by providing relevant insights and market information and competition benchmarking.
•    Support the execution of the strategy by leading and participating in key projects.
•    Candidate should have capabilities to interact with UHNW clients and showcase investment ideas.
•    This role will also require interacting with internal and external stakeholders like Dealers, Equity Specialist, Wealth Specialist, Relationship Managers, Branch Manager, Regional Head etc.


Brand
•    Strengthen SCSI position in the local market that offers good quality investment advice to clients.
Key Responsibilities
 
•    To engage with the stakeholder and generate incremental business for the organization for direct equities and PMS product offering. 
•    Engaging with the existing and new clients on regular interval to increase the wallet share and deeper penetration. 
•    The role will be target oriented and customer centric.


Strategy
•    Manage strategic intent of the organization in terms of Business function
•    Generate revenue from customers through constant interaction and information dissemination of the markets and house views.
•    Work closely with the Business Head on sales strategy and improvement of quality and service standards.
•    Cross-sell or pass leads for customer’s ancillary requirements through the RM.
•    Maintain customer data confidentiality.    
•    To set performance management standards and provide the basis for performance challenge to accountable team.
Business
•    Strive to achieve business / budget outcomes associated with the role. 
•    Also, strive to achieve the qualitative parameters as set out in the role description. 
 
Processes
•    Good understanding of equity research and ability to understand businesses and valuations.
•    Ensure the right advice is given to the stakeholder which should lead into incremental business. 
•    Good interpersonal skills with demonstrated abilities in networking with cross-functional team.
•    Achieve good client outcomes through proper client profiling to identify client needs and provide corresponding investment solutions. 
•    Problem solving supported by both in and out of the box thinking.


People & Talent 
•    Capable of work in a team in coordination with senior members of the SCSI and SCB team
o    Identifying opportunities for performance improvement across the team
o    Increase the wallet share of the client with regular interaction with internal and external stakeholder.
o    Driving an environment of collaboration, both within the team and across various departments. 
•    Adherence to the Group's values and culture 


Risk Management
•    To ensure compliance with Group Policies and Standards, local laws and regulations as well as all controls and procedures laid down by the entity 


Governance 
•    Have strong knowledge of local regulations and initiatives of local industry bodies to ensure the business is ahead of the regulatory change
•    Proactively engage business & functional partners / stakeholders to drive the origination, product offering and sales discipline .
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Lead the INDIA – CPBB – WM – SCSI - Products to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: [Fair Outcomes for Clients; Effective Financial Markets; Financial Crime Compliance; The Right Environment.] * 
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key stakeholders
Internal
•    MD & CEO – SCSI
•    Chief Investment Officer - SCSI
•    Head – Business
•    Head – CFCC
•    Head - Legal
•    Head – Risk
•    Head – Ops
•    Head – IT
•    Head - Products
External
•    Wealth Specialist – SCB
•    Relationship Manager – SCB
•    Branch and Regional Head – SCB
•    Segments – CR/NR/SME/Acquisition
Skills and Experience
 
•    Products and Processes
•    Market Knowledge (SIF)
•    Regulatory Framework and Requirements (SIF)
•    Manage Conduct
•    Manage People
•    Manage Risk
Qualifications
 
•    Post Graduate/MBA 
•    8-12 years’ experience in equity domain/UNHI client management/sales 
•    Strong grasp on understanding of equity markets
•    NISM certifications XXI – A/B, NISM VII/VIII
•    Good knowledge of financial products with responsibilities for revenue, product development, process, systems and risk management.
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance






















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































