





















Senior Manager, GBS WCCRR Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Senior Manager, GBS WCCRR
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


51764
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


01/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


16/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


 




Job Summary








The primary responsibility of this role is delivery of CCIB credit risk reporting and MI, working directly with and supporting the CCIB credit risk team.  The risk reports are used by risk managers, committees and senior management, and regulators.  The role will suit candidates with wholesale credit experience, an ability to interact with a vast array of stakeholders effectively and excellent communication skills (written and verbal), including report writing.  The role suits someone who is detail oriented, with curiosity for insights and confidence to challenge.  The role holder will be able to develop a broad view of the risks and issues and develop vital soft skills, while seeking opportunities for adoption of best practice, innovation and individual growth.


RESPONSIBILITIES


Strategy
•    To understand reporting requirements from Credit Risk Officers and translate them into effective and efficient risk reports
•    To improve efficiency in BAU activities, through automation or collaboration with other risk reporting teams and across borders 
•    Support projects and initiatives by building compelling use cases and requirements for change


Business
•    To deliver quality reports in a timely manner with analytical insights for both internal and external stakeholders
•    Build stronger relationship with all stakeholders
•    Provide subject matter expertise and address ad-hoc reporting requirements
•    Continuously work towards improving risk data quality with infrastructure and other risk teams 
•    Work with project, change, technology, credit risk and monitoring teams on changes impacting our reporting and credit risk systems framework. User testing for project releases / migration projects / BAU enhancements. Establishing material impact of the systemic issues, following through on closure. 


 
P
rocesses
•    Support or drive opportunities to improve efficiency 
•    Help to ensure that regulatory requirements, Group and Business policies are effectively embedded. 
•    Help to standardise, simplify, consolidate related processes; retire obsolete, legacy streams and perform horizon scanning on upcoming trends to integrate with ways of working 
 
Risk Management
•    To continuously work towards improving the control environment in credit risk reporting  
•    Ensure completeness, accuracy and timeliness in all Regulatory Reporting
•    Escalate or engage appropriate stakeholders to ensure timely remedial actions and escalation of situations that pose significant risk


Governance
•    Understand the credit risk policy and standards, risk reporting and data quality management standards, and application of the operational risk policy and standards across team activities
•    Ensure the end to end reporting process has no loopholes. Identify gaps and find ways to address 
•    Participate in internal and external audits, as directed
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key Stakeholders


Internal 
•    Group Risk Framework Owners
•    Group Risk Teams
•    Country Risk Teams
•    Enterprise Risk Management
•    Risk Infrastructure and Change Management 
•    Technology
•    Data Governance
•    Group Internal Audit


External
•    Bank of England and Prudential Regulation Authority
•    Other regulators, as directed
•    External Auditors 
•    Ratings agencies
 
Other Responsibilities




Embed Here for good and Group’s brand and values in the Risk Reporting and MI team; Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures.  








Skills and Experience










C & I Credit Risk - Effective Management of Credit Risk related to corporate, commercial and institutional clients


Data Gathering and Reporting - Knowledge of and ability to utilize tools, techniques and processes for gathering and reporting data in a particular department or division of a company.


Information Management - Knowledge of an organization's existing and planned Information Architecture and Information Management (IM) methodology; ability to collect and manage information from different sources, and distribute this information to enhance operational efficiency.


Effective Communications - Understanding of effective communication concepts, tools and techniques; ability to effectively transmit, receive, and accurately interpret ideas, information, and needs through the application of appropriate communication behaviors.




 
Qualifications
•    Signature Strength – Strong CCIB product knowledge and understanding of risk management with familiarity of PRA issued regulations. CFA or FRM desirable.
•    Analytical mindset – Able to detect outliers by observing movements and trends in data. Be able to investigate issues and identify the drivers.  
•    Hands-on Tooling – Programming skills in Python, VBA, API, Microsoft (Access, Powerpoint), Visualisation Tools (Tableau, PowerBI), Workflow Automation Tools (RPA, Sharepoint Designer), Devops (JIRA, Git, Genkins, CICD), knowledge of AI/ ML will be an added advantage.


Soft Skills
•    Works well individually as well as part of a team, especially across borders
•    Able to meet tight deadlines with minimal direction 
•    Inquisitive, with attention to detail. Proactive attitude towards work
•    Problem solving ability
•    Demonstrates understanding of and commitment to the Group’s core values
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance






















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































