





















Director, Process Design Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Director, Process Design
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


52056
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 5
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


06/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


17/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
Define key responsibilities to reflect the duties and responsibilities of this role.


•    This role works within the Client & Entity Enablement (CEE) Hive to drive process design and change delivery across the end-to-end client lifecycle, including coverage of AML, KYC, Tax, OTC reform and FM regulations for Americas.
•    Provide Operating Model / Business Process Design and Change Management expertise to design, implement and support user-facing operating model and process changes.


Deliver operating model design and process design outcomes, including:


•    Working closely with Americas Client Management team in Identification of clear regional problem statements, shaping of solution options and facilitation of decisions with key stakeholders across high level and detailed design phases
•    Detailed operating model design, including current state and definition of future state design across people, process, technology, and information.
•    Effective engagement and collaborative problem solving across front-to-back stakeholder groups (Front Office, Middle Office, Operations, Compliance functions and Technology)
•    Providing design inputs to Process Owner and SME teams to enable development of detailed end user guidance


Enable change management and implementation of designs with end users, including:


•    Stakeholder assessment and engagement across locations and functions
•    Communications and engagement planning, development and execution to drive awareness, understanding and support across a broad range of local US & global stakeholders 
•    Change Impact Assessment delivery to articulate impacts between current and target state, identify and respond to change management needs across impacted business units.
•    Training planning, needs assessment, content preparation and delivery across impacted stakeholder groups
•    Operational Readiness outcomes, including business process testing, post-go live support, etc.
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct 


•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.


Key stakeholders


•    Effectively manages relevant business stakeholders across the end-to-end Client Lifecycle, including Relationship Managers, Client Managers, Product Teams, Client Management, Delivery Operations, CET, CLM Ops, FM Ops
•    Technology Teams
•    Global Process Owners, Delegates and Support teams
•    Operational Risk
•    CFCC and Second Line of Defence
•    Policy Implementation and Regulatory Implementation
•    Regional and Local Change Champions


Our Ideal Candidate


•    10+ years’ experience as a Process Designer, Business Architect or Business Consultant delivering business process and/or Target Operating Model-centric outcomes.
•    Experience in designing and implementing complex process / system changes within Client Lifecycle Management and/or Client Due Diligence platforms and processes in a business user-facing role.
•    Working experience with Client Management teams in Americas
•    Experienced in Client Lifecycle Management Process / Operating Model design and business change implementation at scale – either global or regional delivery, supporting multiple impacted business functions 
•    Hands-on experience in Wholesale Banking (especially in Client Onboarding, Client Due Diligence (KYC), Tax(FATCA, CRS), Regulations (MIFID, EMIR, Dodd Frank), Funds Onboarding, Client Offboarding, Dormancy and Reactivation, Account Opening) 
 
•    Deliver Business Operating Model, Business Process Design outcomes to enable transformation agenda across a complex end to end Client Lifecycle Management landscape (people, process, technology, data)
•    Support business change implementation efforts post-design to successfully land changes for a global user base.
•    Excellent written, communication and presentation skills; able to effectively engage, influence and manage senior business stakeholders.
•    Eye for detail and excellent problem solving and analytical skills, able to bring clarity and structure to areas of ambiguity.
•    Strong individual contributor with proactive working style; able to take initiative, identify opportunities and work with minimal management oversight.
•    Ability to effectively communicate business priorities, complex concepts and models and business information to a technical and non-technical audience at analyst and senior management level.
•    Demonstrates creative thinking by generating new ideas and concepts and identifying new ways of doing things.


Qualifications


•    Education: Bachelor’s degree in business administration, organizational development, or a related field; a master’s degree is a plus.
•    Experience: Proven experience in change management, project management, or a related field.
•    Certifications: Certification in Process Improvement, change management methodologies (e.g., Six Sigma Certification, Prosci, ACMP) is highly desirable, but not a pre-requisite.
 
Skills


•    Strong problem-solving skills to perform root cause analysis
•    Ability to quickly absorb and learn new systems, methodologies and types of information. 
•    Ability to facilitate workshops, discussions and meetings with stakeholders at all levels
•    Ability to form strong working relationships with stakeholders and team members
•    Proficient in tools such as Microsoft Office, Confluence, JIRA, etc.
•    Strong understanding of Lean/Sig Sigma principles, methodologies, and tools.
•    Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
•    Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.
•    Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities.
•    Project management skills.
•    Ability to manage multiple priorities and adapt to changing circumstances.


Skills and competencies


•    Project Management
•    Change Management Methodologies
•    Communication Tools
•    Data Analysis
•    Lean/Sig Sigma/Visio  
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































