





















Audit Manager - WRB Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Audit Manager - WRB
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


47419
    


















Job Location: 
        


Mumbai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


08/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


22/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
Strategy
•    This role involves supporting Senior Audit Manager (SAM) in following primary activities related to SCB Group with specific focus on Wealth and Retail Banking.


This role is suitable for individual who are: 
o    Internal Audit Professionals or Business Risk function Professionals possess depth of experience in Wealth and Retail Banking with relevant working experience. Knowledgeable in financial crime risks and digital banking. Experience in use of data analytics. 
o    Innovative and courageous in bringing in new idea and solution for smart auditing, to provide insights and value to the GIA function and to business stakeholders.


Business
•    Strong awareness and in depth understanding of the key risks in pre implementation and Business As Usual (BAU) controls and processes associated Wealth and Retail Banking (WRB).  
•    Strong awareness and in depth understanding of the key risks involved in the audit of WRB.
•    Awareness and in depth understanding of applicable RBI regulations. 


Processes
•    Participate as team member or team leader for assigned audits.
•    Support the team manager/team leader by executing audit planning, fieldwork, reporting and issue tracking for work assigned in an efficient and effective manner such that audit work meets the given budget, quality standards and timelines required by the GIA methodology.
•    Evaluate quantitative and qualitative data to diagnose underlying issues, patterns and root causes, as a part of regular audits.
•    Monitor/track assigned audit issues and action plans, and report overdue items for audit lead/ managed to the appropriate responsible person within GIA for escalation to the appropriate business manager and/or governance committee for resolution.
•    Apply a high level of attention to detail to ensure audit reports are accurate, clear and articulate key risks, root causes and impact.
•    Ensure timely escalation of delays in conforming to methodology standards, both to auditee management and GIA management.
•    Ensure timely execution of deliverables.
Key Responsibilities
 
People & Talent
•    As defined in the Audit Charter, all staff in GIA must exhibit the highest level of professional objectivity in gathering, evaluating and communicating information about the activity or process being examined. They must make a balanced assessment of all the relevant circumstances and not be unduly influenced by their own interests or by others in forming judgments. GIA will adhere to the Definition of Internal Auditing, the Core Principles for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing, Code of Ethics and the Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing that are published by the IIA. It is expected that all members of GIA strive to operate as role models for the Group’s valued behaviours. GIA methodology has defined “Habits of a Human Auditor” which are aligned to the Group’s valued behaviours and communicated across the function. 


In addition to the responsibilities defined in the Audit Charter, the Audit Manager is expected: 
•    To act as a Team Leader on assigned audit work across the Group, in particular on Wealth and Retail Banking. This will entail managing the auditors working on the audit to deliver the Audit Planning Memo, Controls Document, agree issues and action plans with management and submission of draft report to the Team Manager for review; 
•    To confirm that assigned audit work, as well as the work carried out by team members is executed in an efficient and effective manner, within the given budget and timelines, and in line with GIA methodology standards; 
•    To clearly identify the risks and impact of issues during issue writing, agreeing these issues with management and obtaining quality management action plans to mitigate the risks raised; 
•    To perform continuous monitoring of assigned countries / portfolio areas, and to build and maintain engagement with stakeholders; 
•    To take responsibility for the design and implementation of department wide exercises such as annual planning, risk assessment and training; 
•    To support GIA audit teams by providing product knowledge and expertise for their audits relating to Wealth and Retail Banking; 
•    To attend and present at Group meetings on behalf of the Head of Audit (HOA) or for their own area of responsibility, as required, e.g. Non-Financial Risk Forums; and 
•    The individual will support the HOA / Senior Audit Manager (SAM) in their role as the GIA portfolio/country subject matter expert, depending on the skills of the individual. 
•    Issue validation: all audit issue action plans agreed during audit fieldwork should be tracked through to completion in accordance with methodology requirements.
 
Risk Management
•    GIA represents the third line of defence and provides independent assurance of the effectiveness of management’s control of business activities (the first line) and of the control processes maintained by the Risk Framework Owners and Policy Owners (the second line). GIA works with the Group's other control functions, such as Finance, Risk and Compliance, but does not place unqualified reliance on their work. GIA is an independent function whose primary role is to help the Board and Executive Management to protect the assets, reputation and sustainability of the Group. 


Governance
•    Support the SAM and HOA in assessing the effectiveness of the governance, oversight and controls in the business and, if necessary, oversee changes in these areas.
•    Awareness and understanding of the regulatory framework, in which the Business operates, and the regulatory requirements and expectations relevant to the role.


Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify and escalate risk, conduct and compliance matters.
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
 
Key stakeholders
•    Designated business stakeholders, typically related to individual audit assignments, Non-Audit Work and continuous monitoring.
•    GIA stakeholders – Team Leaders, Team Members and Managers, Heads of Audit.


Other Responsibilities
•    Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures
Our Ideal Candidate
 
•    Manage Conduct
•    Manage Risk
•    Manage People
•    GIA Methodology and Systems
•    Stakeholder Engagement
•    Risk Assessment
•    Audit Planning
•    Audit Report Writing
•    Continuous Monitoring
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance




















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































