





















Vice President, Sustainability Reporting Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Vice President, Sustainability Reporting
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


51283
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 5
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


27/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


30/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
This is a demanding and exciting new role within the newly created Sustainability Reporting team in Group Finance.  Responsibilities include: 
•    Ensuring that external reports meet applicable TCFD, ISSB, CSRD and other new regulatory sustainability (primarily climate related quantitative disclosure) requirements. 
•    Working with the Chief Sustainability Office (CSO) team, verifying integrity of quantitative climate, carbon and other sustainability numbers as a control and reporting function.
•    Performing reporting of Finance-owned quantitative metrics as required for the Group’s annual report
•    Preparing local sustainability reporting for all our global presence markets, supporting entity CFOs
•    Supporting entity CFOs in dealing with local regulator queries, as required
•    Building and maintaining knowledge of sustainability reporting requirements across each of the bank’s markets, as these evolve
•    Assessing and documenting processes and controls across the reporting process, including understanding the operations within the various functions which contribute to sustainability reporting
•    Addressing and resolving financial reporting issues raised by the Group’s external auditors with regards to sustainability disclosures within the Group or entity reports. 
•    Building strong working relationships with other teams in the bank focussed on sustainability.
•    Developing and implementing target operating model on new sustainability reporting as requirements evolve, in support of future aim of standardised reporting for Group and each individual country entity
Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy
•    This candidate will support the Head of Sustainability Reporting and the wider Sustainability and Net Zero global team to develop the Group’s strategy for disclosures in this area and ensure that the data collected is complete and accurate and collected in a controlled manner. 


Business
The candidate will demonstrate a thorough understanding of the financial accounting and regulatory landscape and will:


•    Ensure that the Annual and when required Half Year accounts as well as quarterly disclosures meet all the applicable sustainability accounting and regulatory requirements.
•    Utilise knowledge of IFRS standards and the IFRS Foundation, including the ISSB to help develop and maintain policies for sustainability reporting in the Group’s external financial statements
Processes
•    Develop and maintain policies for sustainability reporting in the Group’s external financial statements.  
•    Actively follow current developments in sustainability reporting through monitoring requirements and horizon scanning.  
•    Engage with other stakeholders across the Group to develop best in class disclosures.
•    Act as a TCFD and ISSB expert in its application for preparing group accounts. 
•    Work with country teams in leveraging off the Group disclosures in preparing country specific TCFD/ISSB disclosures, where applicable.
•    See issues through to completion working with other functions as needed.
 
People and Talent 
•    Lead through example and build the appropriate culture and values. 
•    Ensure the provision of ongoing technical training and development of people with regards to the latest disclosures and accounting/regulatory requirements for broader sustainability requirements.


Risk Management
•    Work in collaboration with risk and control partners.
•    Ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in full compliance with accounting and regulatory requirements, the risk management framework and all internal policies.
•    Develop the Operational Risk framework for sustainability reporting.
•    Develop a set of accounting reporting policies for sustainability reporting to mirror the Group accounting policy manual.


Governance 
•    Active participation in project governance in respect of Group Financial Reporting's role in projects requiring external reporting expertise, specifically in the sustainability space.  


Regulatory and Business Conduct 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Support all relevant interaction with regulators – PRA, Bank of England. 
 
Key stakeholders
•    Group Chief Financial Officer
•    Group Head, Central Finance and Deputy CFO SC Bank
•    Group Financial Controller
•    Head, Group Financial Reporting and Finance Risk
•    Head, Sustainability Reporting
•    Head of Carbon Accounting and Net Zero Delivery
•    Chief Sustainability Officer
•    CSO CFO
•    CFO, Affluent and Wealth and CPBB Sustainability
•    Global Head, Climate Risk & Net Zero Oversight
•    Global Head, Investor Relations
•    Global Process Owner (Finance) – Record to Report
•    Global Process Manager, R2R Reporting (GBS Chennai)
•    Group Corporate Secretariat department
•    Internal and External Audit (EY)
Our Ideal Candidate
 
•    Qualified Chartered Accountant or equivalent with Financial Services background (Banking preferred) - 12+  years+ PQE
•    Demonstrated good understanding of banking products and relevant technical sustainability accounting concepts, including regulatory and statutory IFRS foundation disclosure requirements.
•    Ability to communicate with senior stakeholders, including explaining sustainability concepts in a succinct manner.
•    Strong oral and written communication skills
•    Strong analytical skills and capability for self-directed research and work
Role Specific Technical Competencies
 
•    Financial Reporting
•    Financial Record Keeping
•    Financial Process Documentation
•    Influencing Through Expertise
•    Climate Risk and Net Zero Technical Expertise 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance




















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































