





















Premier Service Associate Manager Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Premier Service Associate Manager
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


52008
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 7
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


06/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


30/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
This role is responsible for delivering excellent client service and product advice (CASH) for a select portfolio of Corporate, Commercial & Institutional Banking (CCIB) Premier clients in all interactions for their post transactional enquiries, complaints, and other service-related issues. 


•    Acts as the in-country primary contact person for a portfolio of Premier clients and internal staff for advice, enquiries, complaints and any other service issues 
•    Build strong relationship and rapport with clients at the transactional and operational level 
•    Deliver excellent service against agreed service standards 
•    Identify opportunities for increasing clients’ product utilisation, smoother operations and optimising channel usage through analysis of client data, proactive transaction monitoring using available tools 
•    Deliver product / channel training and advisory 
•    As a service partner, work together with RMs, Product Sales, Operations and other key internal stakeholders to solve client issues and identify opportunities to improve overall service for the clients 


Strategy
Client Service 
•    Primary point of contact for portfolio of Premier clients for professional advice, enquiries, complaints, resolving of discrepancies and transactional errors 
•    Provide the highest standard of client service in response to client enquiries and complaints, so as to create improved, lasting relationships with our clients 
•    Responsible for client satisfaction with service arrangements and delivery 
•    Work with internal stakeholders to provide end-to-end query resolution to client satisfaction 
•    Ensure that client SLAs are met 
•    Responsible for effective service recovery process through complaint logging and handling 
•    Maintain a professional SCB image through all interactions with clients 
•    Log and manage all service interactions (enquiries, complaints, incidents, client visits etc.) within GEMS and / or other relevant systems to ensure that client data is captured and available for client insights / analysis and identification of improvement initiatives 
Key Responsibilities
 
Premier Service Management 
•    Leverage on metrics and client insights to understand Premier clients’ needs, and continually identify opportunities for improvements in service, product solutions, utilisation and optimising channel usage, up-selling and cross-selling etc 
•    Monitor Premier client transactions using available tools for e.g. UBAM and selectively intervene, coordinating with various units and clients to ensure that transactions are processed in a timely manner 
•    Work closely with Front Office Teams/SSMs as product service specialist in country 
•    Participate in periodic Service Reviews for Premier clients 
•    Review service performance with the clients and generate ways to continuously improve service standards 
•    On a selective basis, attend sales calls with Relationship Managers (RM), Product Sales, other Front Office Teams and SSMs to sell our service capabilities and/or resolve clients’ operational and service issues 
•    Provide pro-active client updates 
•    Deliver product / channel training to Premier clients within the portfolio 
•    Make proactive calls on Premier clients to improve the utilisation level of facilities, increase transaction volume, and identify opportunities for channels and referrals for the business 
•    Build trusted partnerships with clients at the daily transactional / operational level 
•    Proactive management and end to end ownership of client complaints and incidents, through close collaboration with various internal stakeholders, whilst providing regular updates to clients as well as internal partners such as RMs, Product Sales, other Front Office Teams and SSMs. 


Processes
•    Identify and assist in the implementation of service and efficiency improvement initiatives and facilitate transfer of best practice 
•    End2end client management for Gold & Platinum clients – Enquiries, Complaint Management, and proactive client outreach/service reviews.  Pan India metric analysis and management, Incident Management and reporting. 
•    The role demands a client centric individual with a robust Cash/Channel product knowledge and proficiency in analytics.  The individual to drive change based on the analysis within the Cash Service team.
 
People & Talent 
•    People with Strong analytical skills, metric management, drive change based on thematic output
•    Good knowledge of Cash product/processes
•    Organized and detail orientated
•    Effective interpersonal communication skills
•    Good problem-solving skills
•    Able to identify and manage both transactional and operational risks
•    Ability to work under pressure
•    Client focused service delivery


Risk Management
•    Comply with Operational Risk Framework for client service processes including but not limited to client identification, complaints and enquiry handling 
•    Comply with applicable Money Laundering Prevention Procedures and, in particular, report any suspicious activity to the Unit Money Laundering Prevention Officer and Line Manager 
•    Adhere to policies including escalation and compliance requirements, and follow any other relevant internal controls and procedures as they relate to process, products, policies and regulations 


Governance 
•    Responsible for effective delivery of the key components of Service management that is the mainstay of the Pan India Cash Service team.
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters. 


Key stakeholders
•    External clients 
•    Respective Product Operations Team Leaders, and Operations Head in country 
•    RMs & Business Managers 
•    TB Product & Sales Managers 
•    Segment Service Managers 
•    Head Client Experience, CCIB in country 
•    Country CIO 
•    GBS Product Operations Teams e.g. Premier Service Fulfilment Teams 
•    Technology partners e.g. PSS, Collective Intelligence & Command Centre 
Skills and Experience
 
Communication skills 
Qualifications
 
•    Graduate / Postgraduate
•    Exceptional communication skills (Written and Verbal)
•    A person from commerce background is preferred
•    Experience in a similar service role / banking knowledge. 
•    Multitasking abilities and a fast learner
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance






















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































