





















Mgr, App Development Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Mgr, App Development
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


49931
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


18/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


14/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
•    Digital Assets Partner engineer serves our clients and our partners across the bank to show the way for Digital Asset platform solutions that drive our flow, revenue, and bottom line growth for the future growth of Standard Chartered.


Strategy 
•    Digital Asset platform provides secure, scalable, and modular DLT infrastructure and orchestration layers that bridge traditional banking systems of record with multiple blockchain networks and external digital asset ecosystems. This ensures enterprise-grade security, regulatory compliance, operational resilience, and interoperability while enabling controlled adoption of distributed ledger technologies across Corporate and Investment Banking.   
•    Partner Engineer works closely with business partners, Technology, Operations and Transformation teams to maximise the impact and quality of change delivery to enable the Digital Asset platform solutions for CIB clients
•    Digital Asset platform spans our business across FM, Trade, and the Transaction Bank to structure the best solutions for our client’s processes and needs incorporating all of our Digital Assets capabilities, helping our clients achieve their aspirations in todays’ digital economy using our latest digital and channel led capabilities to mesh our offerings to the client’s platforms or processes.


Business
•    As Partner Engineer, you will help drive architecture discussions for Digital assets platform solutions with the business to capture the opportunities where SC can excel at and showcase our ability as a digital-first platform.
•    You will be a key thought leader and change agent in educating our businesses and creating a mindset on what it means to be a digital platform bank and our ability to architect high-impact Digital asset platform solutions based on our clients’ needs.
•    You will be a catalyst for excitement around digital, global, Digital Asset solutions across the businesses in CCIB. 
•    You will engage heavily with partners, business leads and client contacts across the globe, as many of our opportunities will be global in nature. 
•    Together, you and your team will grow and manage a portfolio of key client engagements where you lead new to bank and existing marquis clients to realize digital Asset product solutions which yield meaningful revenue additions to the bank. 
Key Responsibilities
 
People & Talent 
You will work on a diverse team and are expected to partner effectively with stakeholders both inside CCIB Digital Channels and Data Analytics as well as across businesses and functions. You are a team player.  You will engage actively with the front line, sales, product, implementation & client management, legal, compliance, operations, and technology teams. Through thought leadership and collaborative approach, you will effectively support and enable business outcomes for clients and business stakeholders. 
•    Leadership: Proven ability to work with cross-functional teams (Dev, DevOps, QA) through the full delivery lifecycle from ideation to implementation.
•    Stakeholder Management: Comfortable interacting with business users, compliance, security, and external partners, aligning technical goals with business outcomes.
•    Problem Solving: Adept at navigating ambiguity and delivering creative, robust solutions under tight deadlines and evolving requirements.
•    Communication: Clear and persuasive communicator able to translate complex technical ideas into actionable insights for diverse audiences.


Risk Management
You take a proactive approach to risk management and on an ongoing basis will be identifying, assessing, monitoring, mitigating risks related to platform selection and integration. 
Identify key issues in the business areas being supported, and based on this information, put in place appropriate controls and measures to assess, monitor, control & mitigate risks.
•    Ensure a full understanding of the risk and control environment within Technology Services. 
•    Ensure support procedures are in place and adhere to Group Security & Audit policies within Technology Services.
•    Active engagement with all audit issues arising in this support environment.
 
Governance 
•    You will work with regional and in-country teams to ensure that platforms are compliant with any relevant legal and regulatory requirements and risks.
•    Responsible for assessing the effectiveness of the Group’s arrangements to deliver effective governance, oversight and controls in the business and, if necessary, oversee changes in these areas
•    Awareness and understanding of the regulatory framework, in which the Group operates, and the regulatory requirements and expectations relevant to the role.
•    Responsible for delivering ‘effective governance’; capability to challenge fellow executives effectively; and Willingness to work with any local regulators in an open and cooperative manner.


Regulatory & Business Conduct 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
 
Other Responsibilities
•    Provides support across the entire customer lifecycle through prospecting, acquisition, implementation, and servicing. 
•    Supports Sales/Product teams in client conversations as per above. 
•    Drives market PTR’s for activating Digital asset products as per capability matrix. 
•    Creates market specific test scenarios to execute PTR’s and then captures these artifacts. 
•    Experts in the Digital asset platform capabilities and guides clients using this solution for discovery, implementation and go live. 
•    Contributes actively to Digital Asset platform capabilities content specifically around how to guides and other useful artifacts to streamline the customer experience. 
•    Supports integration of Partner systems, third-party platforms which may not necessarily involve a client implementation, ensures the pre-integration of these strategic partners to create a plug & play solution for our clients. 
•    Work closely with and support key business stakeholders to ensure their client partnership objectives and business goals are aligned with the CCIB’s digital strategy.
•    Partner with Client Coverage & Sales on solution architecture & innovative digital solutioning to meet the needs of our high value clients & prospects
•    Alongside other key stakeholders, drive digital transformation and establish Standard Chartered as the leading digital banking platform providing services to our Network powering global trade, commerce and financial services to companies around the world
Skills and Experience
 
•    SRE
•    Monitoring Tools
•    Automation Scripts
•    Micro Services
•    Kubernetes
•    AWS
Qualifications
 
Relevant degree in Computer Science/Technology and evidence of continuous professional development in an IT role with relevant Certifications
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance






















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































