





















Senior Developer Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Senior Developer
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


49223
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


31/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


30/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy
Provide guidance to others. Understanding to programming frameworks. Understanding of Groups technology standards.


Business
Understanding business requirements from PO.


Processes
eSDLC Process, Scrum/Agile


People & Talent
•    Lead through example and build the appropriate culture and values.
•    Support in providing capacity forecast for initiatives.


Risk Management
Ability to forecast the potential risks in the tasks delivered and provide mitigation, fix options/suggestions, etc.


Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key stakeholders
•    Delivery Lead, Scrum Lead, Scrum Team, Product Owner, Production Engineering Team


Other Responsibilities
Embed Here for good and Group’s brand and values in Do the right thing, Never Settle, better together [India / IT-Projects-IC-T&A / ESG]; Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures; Multiple functions (double hats); [List all responsibilities associated with the role]
Qualifications
 
Standard Job Requirements
•    Preferably 8+ Years of experience in Application Development using Java and Advance Technologies tool
•    Strong understanding of fundamental architecture and design principles, object-orientation principles, and coding standards
•    Experience in building extensible and scalable solutions
•    Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
•    Strong verbal and written communication skills
•    Good knowledge in DevOps, CI-CD
•    Understanding on source control, versioning, branching etc.
•    Experienced in Agile methodology and Waterfall models
•    Strong experience in Application Delivery, that also includes Production Support
•    Good presentation and documentation skills
•    Ability to learn and adapt to new technologies and frameworks
•    Awareness about Release Management
•    Strong team player who can collaborate effectively with relevant stakeholders


Technical Competence
Must Have
•    Strong programming and hands-on skills in Java 8 or above
•    Good hands-on Java Collections and Streams
•    Good experience in developing Spring Framework applications
•    Good knowledge on Spring DI/Blueprints, Spring Boot, etc.
•    Good knowledge about Design Patterns and Principles
•    Good knowledge on OR frameworks like Hibernate, JPA etc.
•    Good knowledge on API building (Web Service, SOAP/REST)
•    Good knowledge on Unit testing and code coverage using JUnit/Mockito
•    Good knowledge on code quality tools like SonarQube etc.
 
•    Good knowledge on containerized platforms like Kubernetes, OpenShift, EKS (AWS)
•    Good knowledge in Enterprise Application Integration patterns (synchronous, asynchronous)
•    Good knowledge on multi-threading and multi-processing implementations
•    Knowledge in BPMN tools like Camunda
•    Experience in RDBMS (Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL)
•    Knowledge on SQL queries
•    Ability to work in quick paced, dynamic environment adapting agile methodologies
•    Ability to work with minimal guidance and/or high-level design input
•    Knowledge on Microservices based development and implementation
•    Knowledge on CI-CD pattern with related tools like GIT, Bitbucket, Jenkins, JIRA, etc.
•    Knowledge on JSON libraries like Jackson/GSON
•    Knowledge on basic Unix Commands
•    Possess good documentation and presentation skills
•    Able to articulate ideas, designs, and suggestions
•    Mentoring fellow team members, conducting code reviews


Good to Have
•    Hands-on skills in J2EE specifications like JAX-RS, JAX-WS
•    Experience in working and supporting OLTP and OLAP systems
•    Good Knowledge on Spring Batch
•    Good knowledge in Linux Operating System (Preferably RHEL)
•    Good knowledge on NoSQL offerings (Cassandra, MongoDB, GraphDB, etc)
•    Good Understanding code quality tools like SonarQube etc.
•    Knowledge on testing methodologies like performance testing, smoke testing, stress testing, endurance testing, etc.
•    Knowledge in Python, Groovy
 
•    Knowledge in middleware technologies like Kafka, Apache MQ, RabbitMQ etc.
•    Knowledge in DSE DataStax or Neo4j
•    Cloud environments knowledge (AWS / Azure etc.)
•    Knowledge on IMDG (Hazel cast, Ignite)
•    Knowledge on Rule Engines like Drools, OpenL Tablets, Easy Rules etc.
•    Experience in presenting solutions to architecture forums and follow the principles and standards in implementation 
Skills and Experience
 
•    Spring Framework
•    SQL
•    Microservices
•    Containerization / Kubernetes / Docker (OCP/SKE)
•    UNIX/LINUX commands
•    Other related java frameworks/libraries 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































