





















Technical Manager Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Technical Manager
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


49257
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


02/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


10/05/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
•    10 or more years of experience in Banking Domain with entitlement management system. 
•    10 or more years of experience in Technology implementation related to Corporate Investment Banking. 
•    Nice to have experience in channels, Securities Services.
•    Must be able to design and implement solutions for e2e Customer on-boarding. 
•    Expertise on functional implementation different Client segments and complex corporate Client entitlement management. 
•    Should have experience on integration methodologies like API’s and Pub/Sub models. 
•    Should have experience in deploying applications on OpenShift or AWS and Kubernetes environments. 
•    Should have experience in RDBMS database preferably Oracle for Client data analysis. 
•    Should have exposure in Core Java and web-based frame works. 
•    Should have exposure in Agile methodology 
Key Responsibilities
 
•    Conducting deep dives and investigations to identify root causes for fraud events and enhancement of controls where required.
•    Conducting review of accounts downgraded to CG 12 or worse to verify whether account management was conducted in conformity to Group standards, policies and procedures including all applicable local requirements.
•    Assist in carrying out Peer reviews within country/ across regions to validate effectiveness of processes and controls.  
•    Support the R&C Team Lead in framing of effective processes and controls for implementation of Group policies, and local regulatory requirements, within the country.
•    Coordinate with internal and external auditors on fronting audits & work with various stakeholders in CCIB CC, Operations and support functions for completion of Management Action Plans, including implementation of required process fixes and socialisation of key themes with stakeholders.
•    Preparation of Lessons Learnt based upon various investigations undertaken.
Other activities:
Business
•    Evaluate and identify operational risk implications of business strategies and programmes.
•    Contribute to and ensure adoption of COO CCIB CC initiatives in the country / countries.
Processes
•    Execution of CST / KCI for relevant processes in the country / countries.
•    Support the business in the South Asia countries in minimizing operational risks and losses, and investigation of material operational losses to prevent recurrence.
Risk Management
•    Ensure compliance with policies applicable to CCIB CC which impact operational risk. Challenge processes, procedures, and policy if there is opportunity for efficiency improvements.
•    Identify knowledge gaps, facilitate development of training on Operational Risk for business staff and country Risk &Control Teams.
•    Drive improvements through the use of A3s
 
Governance
 
•    Assist in the effective running of Country CCIB CC Business Risk Forum (BRF).
•    Ensure adequate governance and oversight of operational risk through the escalation and appropriate resolution of risk exposures to the Country Risk Committee (CRC) and Non Financial Risk Committees (NFRCs) as required.
•    Escalate issues, blockages, challenges and trends to Business Heads, Head Risk & Control, as required.
Regulatory & Business Conduct
 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Support Head Risk & Control to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: Fair Outcomes for Clients; Effective Financial Markets; Financial Crime Compliance; The Right Environment. 
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
•    Adhere to local regulator [Reserve Bank of India] prescribed responsibilities and Rationale for allocation
Key Stakeholders
•    Product Owners, Chapter Leads, Developers, Support and Management.
Other Responsibilities
•    Embed Here for Good and Group’s brand and values in first line operational risk management.
 
Key Requirements for the role:
•    Knowledge of CCIB Client Coverage, Transaction Banking and Financial Markets products – to enable assessment of cross-business issues.
•    Fair understanding of CCIB Credit Risks and assessment including credit analysis.
•    Relevant business experience in operations, business analysis or project management.
•    Strong analytical skills, detail-focused with the ability to interpret large volume of information.
•    Problem solving skills with ability to influence across all levels of business.
•    Ability to independently drive initiatives with minimum hands-on supervision.
Skills and Experience
 
•    Java 17
•    Manage Conduct
•    Business Facilitation: Leading initiatives to improve Client experience, efficiency, and cost management  
•    Manage Conduct
•    Manage Risk
•    Manage Projects
•    Business Governance & Support: Projects investment governance, product, and process governance, etc
•    Information Systems - Applications & PC Skills
•    Sprint boot
•    Database
•    Microservice
•    Docker and Kubernetes
•    Java Messaging
Qualifications
 
•    Graduate or Master in Engineering.  
•    Ideally 2+ years of experience in banking, analytical or another relevant environment
•    Languages: English and/or local language skills as relevant to country requirements 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance






















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































