





















Audit Manager - Functions Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Audit Manager - Functions
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


41040
    


















Job Location: 
        


Bangalore, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


07/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


08/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy
•    Support the People Leader/ HOAs where required, in the development of the GIA risk assessment and development of an appropriate audit plan for the HOA’s assigned portfolio.
•    Support the People Leader/ HOAs to ensure that audits assigned to the individual in the GIA audit plan address the key risks identified in the detailed risk assessment and in the audit planning process. It should meet relevant regulatory requirements and expectations that are required to be covered by GIA.


Business
•    Assist the People Leaser/ PHOAs deliver assigned audits within the allocated budget.
•    Identify and implement opportunities for efficiencies, cost savings and optimal productivity of assigned audit engagements.
•    Ensure that the assigned audit plan remains relevant throughout the year as the risk profile of the business changes and propose changes as appropriate; and
•    Ensure that audit team operates in line with the Audit Charter during engagements, remains independent from management and free from interference.


Processes
•    To act as a Team Lead/ Team Member on assigned audit work, involving Compliance portfolio across the bank. This will entail managing the auditors working on the audit to deliver the Audit Planning Memo, Controls Document, agree issues and action plans with management and submission of draft report to the Senior Audit Manager or Head of Audit for review.
•    Provide clear guidance, detailed review and supervision of the audit team’s work to ensure that audit deliverables meet quality standards and timelines in line with the GIA methodology.
•    Provide guidance on business/audit technical knowledge and management skills to team leaders and team members to enable them to effectively deliver their assigned contributions for an audit;
 
•    Provide technical input and challenge on audit work being undertaken within the scope of assigned product / country area of responsibility. This will include working with the audit team to ensure outputs are of high quality and address relevant risk.
•    Ensure GIA methodology is adhered to in all areas of the audit engagement, as well as raising team members’ awareness and understanding of the methodology.
•    Demonstrate sound knowledge of both business/technical areas and expert knowledge in the audit process, including the GIA system, to ensure that audit work is carried out to a high standard that meets all methodology and GIA system requirements.
•    Take the lead in presenting the draft report in the GIA report review process (to the report review group or report approver); and
•    Monitor the implementation/delivery of the agreed issues/audit plans for the audits assigned, understanding the key risks arising, provide advice on resolution of issues to auditees/action plan owners and escalate audit findings that remain unresolved.


People & Talent
•    Demonstrate strong leadership and ability to motivate and guide audit team members. 
•    Influence change within the department by highlighting potential enhancements. 
•    Identify growth areas at the start of each audit and discuss with the team members on how best to work on them during the audit. 
•    Provide written performance feedback to team members at the end of an audit.  
•    Identify and successfully complete key internal training for self-development.
•    Facilitate the development of audit team members by providing on the job training and recommending formal training to support GIA activities
 
Risk Management
•    Support the People Leader/HOA to update the relevant assigned risk assessments on a regular basis to ensure that changes in risk profiles are identified in a timely manner, proposing changes to the assigned audit plan to the HOA, as appropriate.
•    Ensure early identification and escalation of risks, issues, trends and developments to relevant stakeholders. Be prepared to raise issues/concerns outside the normal audit process.
•    Attend relevant meetings relevant to assigned country / product area (Management Groups and Committees) in addition to request of the HOA to keep up to date on key business matters and provide the right challenge to ensure risks are appropriately identified, discussed and timely remediation plans are put in place.
•    Adopt an anticipatory approach to risk assessment through stakeholder engagement and monitoring of the external environment to improve audit planning; and
•    Review MI and reports regularly to keep up to date with key trends within the business.


Governance
•    Assist the People Leader/ HOA to manage the relevant Product/Country stakeholders, and establish good working relationships to help the businesses improve the control environment and keep updated with changes in the business impacting their risk profile;
•    Propose changes to audit plans to the HOA, as appropriate, to ensure the audit plan remains relevant.
•    Lead by example on how to communicate audit-related matters and resolve any conflict between auditors and auditees during an audit.  Use networks and relationships to build engagement and achieve results.
•    Ensure timely escalation of delays in execution of audit work, both to auditee management and GIA management; and
•    Be able to clearly explain issues identified along with the risks and root causes to GIA and business management, using language designed to be understood by non-experts.
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
•    Contribute to the audit team in achieving the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: Financial Crime Prevention and The Right Environment; and
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate, and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key stakeholders
•    1Lod and 2LOD Compliance, Financial Crime and Conduct (CFCR) Process and Risk framework owner.
•    Cross functional audit teams/ HOAs.


Other Responsibilities
•    Candidate with strong data analytics skills, excellent knowledge in Power BI, Tableau, Python, Advance Excel, and SQL. 
•    Strong communicator, both written and verbal, with ability to clearly explain controls to be tested and risks identified to audit and business management.
•    Confident and courageous to raise and escalate ideas or concerns in a professional and timely manner.
•    Proactive, self-directed and able to work with minimum supervision.
•    Ability to work within a global team, including leading audit team members remotely.
•    Ability to exercise good judgement and objectivity.
•    Demonstrate understanding of and commitment to the Group’s core values.
•    Ability to commit to limited business travel.
Qualifications
 
•    Institute of Internal Auditors or equivalent finance qualification (ACCA, CPA, ICAG, etc.) with Internal Audit experience preferred.
•    5 years) experience in Internal/External Audit or data explorations roles, preferably in a bank or related area will be an advantage.
•    Understanding of computing languages, Python, Power BI and SQL. 
Skills and Experience
 
Candidate with data analytics skills, excellent knowledge in Power BI, Tableau, Python, Advance Excel, and SQL. 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































