





















Senior Vice President Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Senior Vice President
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


45062
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 4
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


06/02/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        






















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
This role requires strong project management skills, sound understanding of the Systems Development Lifecycle, ability to learn and understand the functional areas and design requirements both inputs and outputs and good interpersonal skills to manage and direct virtual teams across multiple locations.  The ideal candidate would have experience in delivering transformation initiatives.
Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy
The Subledger and General Ledger Program Delivery Head in India will:
•    Deliver initiatives aligning to the Aspire Subledger and General Ledger journey.
•    Manage SMEs/business analysts across multiple locations delivering the workstreams within the overall Aspire scope.
•    Concurrently balance discretionary business improvement projects and regulatory priorities
•    Monitor progress, risks, issues on delivery for ASPIRE Subledger & General Ledger workstreams in collaboration with Program team and partnering with Technology stakeholders and downstream consumers. 
•    Work closely with vendors and technology in house partners to identify the more sustainable and cost-effective options on solution design and platform choices for Subledger deliverables.
•    Manage ~3-5 staff directly and approx. 15-20 indirectly through project team structures and using influence
•    Influence design and execution of the projects where there is no direct control.
•    Impact & influence stakeholders with an aim to identify efficiency & financial opportunities by establishing new processes and delivering new solutions


Business and Processes
•    Hands on experience with Finance transformation projects with detailed understanding of P&L, Balance Sheet, Tax, Regulatory reporting, FP&A.
•    Define the delivery roadmap for each workstream in Aspire Subledger Delivery – scope, detailed work plan, resource plan working closely with the execution teams
•    Lead the discussion with Auditors, CFOs and senior stakeholders.
•    Understand various banking product lifecycles, subledger and ledger processes and work with team to create delivery plans suited for product specifications/ level of complexity and geographical coverage.
•    Lead delivery of Day 2 BoW for initiatives covering TPGL, Balance sheet substantiation, Reconciliation, Subledger, General ledger and FPSL. 
•    Determine the resources (time, money, equipment, etc) required to complete the project.
•    Develop a schedule for project completion that effectively allocates the resources to the activities.
•    Deliver the ASPIRE Subledger & General Ledger initiative on time within budget and as per agreed scope.
 
•    Ensure delivery of the benefits as per the project execution document
•    Review the lessons learned from previous releases / phases and to ensure that follow up / corrective actions are taken on time to ensure the smooth execution of upcoming test phases. 


People & Talent
•    Manage ~3-5 staff directly providing guidance and mentorship to support both delivery and career development.
•    Establish strong relationships with Business, Functions COO’s, CIO Functions and ITO Functions


Governance
•    Communication with the various stakeholders at all levels – at appropriate forums – including PWGs, scrum meetings, team huddles etc.
•    Work closely with formal and informal project sponsors to identify & remove roadblocks in a timely manner.
•    Follow up with various task owners to ensure the timely completion of tasks and any delays or risks are reported / escalated.
•    Constructively challenge and present viable alternatives to business models, operational processes and the interpretation of relevant rules and regulations whilst continually looking to minimise regulatory risk and the ongoing cost of finance operations.
•    Facilitate the defining and agreeing of solutions to drive effectiveness and efficiency with representatives from key Business and Technology stakeholders


Regulatory & Business Conduct
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
•    Lead the ASPIRE Subledger & General Ledger to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: [Fair Outcomes for Clients; Effective Financial Markets; Financial Crime Compliance; The Right Environment.]  
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
 
Key stakeholders
•    Senior Program/Project Managers across ASPIRE and impacted downstream 
•    T&I teams – including Development, Infrastructure streams
•    Finance GPO team
•    GCFO COO MT 
•    Product Vendor Teams
•    Leads from internal and external programmes (E.g. BCBS 239)
Qualifications
 
Education-CA/ACMA or equivalent
Skills and Experience
 
•    15+ years of experience in a business facing project management role
•    Strong communication and stakeholder management skills with prior experience in running war-rooms or test-focused working groups
•    Domain knowledge in Finance (core ledger, sub-ledger) and/or Financial regulatory projects with a good financial background.
•    Familiarity with SDLC and strong insights on various project lifecycle phases, methodology and tools
•    Experience with waterfall & agile methodologies
•    Proactive, self-starter, autonomous & highly organised
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































