





















Director - Affluent Relations Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Director - Affluent Relations
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


45845
    


















Job Location: 
        


Mumbai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 5
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


23/03/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


08/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
Servicing existing and primarily walk-in customers to fulfill the specific transactional requirements of the customer through high quality customer service while increasing product penetration through cross sell and achieving allocated portfolio and revenue targets. 
Key Responsibilities
 
Strategy


•    Maximize sales performance to achieve given revenue targets (self and branch) through liability products [Current /Savings /Term deposits], wealth management products and asset related products  (secured, unsecured)
•    Generate new business via sales promotions, out-marketing calls and presentations and in-branch contacts
•    Participate actively in branch sales planning to generate action plans for meeting targets
•    He/She is aware of bank’s Mis-selling & Sales Policies and ensure adherence all the times.
•    Ensure high level of customer service in the Branch. Manage difficult customer situations
•    Ensure compliance with internal and external guidelines and ensure minimal comments in audits and other inspections
•    Ensure transactions are processed with a high level of accuracy and commitment in order to satisfy customer needs
•    Ensure validity and completeness of transactions processed and ensure concessions relative to exchange rate, fees, charges etc. are authorized/ overridden by appropriate authorities
•    Ensure adherence to laid down processes, facilitate first time resolution. Minimize rejections and customer complaints
•    Monitor customer satisfaction survey ratings, net promoter score or any other survey/ feedback ratings taken from customers and ensure continuous improvement if below bench-mark, sustain and better quality service
•    Take responsibility for general reconciliation and control activities
•    Find ways to improve operational efficiency and control costs to meet cost budgets
•    Be multi-skilled to handle all kinds of transactions and services in the bank
•    Manage growth and attrition of the base, facilitate customer up-streaming. Improve product per customer
 
•    Ensure he/ she is fully aware of all the policies and procedures issued in relation to ORMA, Group Code of Conduct, KYC/CDD/EDD & Money laundering prevention. He/she must ensure compliance with these policies and procedures on an ongoing basis. Any suspicious transaction must immediately be reported to the supervising officer.
•    Premises management in areas of merchandising, housekeeping as well as store management. Branch upkeep and maintenance
•    Responsible for health and safety for all. As part of the Health and Safety guidelines you should:
•    Take reasonable care for the health and safety of co-workers and those who may be affected by your actions or your omissions; Co-operate with Management to support and promote Health and safety in the workplace;
•    Ensure that your actions do not put others at risk; Work in a healthy and safe manner
•    Encourage others to work in a healthy and safe manner;
•    Report all accidents and incidents and bring to the attention of the management any hazard in the workplace
 
Business
Sales and Service Objectives:


•    Maximize sales performance to achieve given revenue targets for the zone as well as Distribution network through liability products [Current /Savings /Term deposits], wealth management products and asset related products 
•    Develop, implement and manage a best-in-class sales capability
•    Lead the implementation of the liability strategy at the Branch
•    Review, analyze and manage the customer portfolio for profitable growth
•    Initiate development of strategies for customer acquisition, retention, and cross sell
•    Support where necessary, via joint customer calls and identify potential customers     
•    Together with Branch Managers, enhance the bank’s image through area promotions, community activities etc. 
•    Manage service delivery in the network to the highest competitive standards 
•    Monitor service standards for the network and audit expected behaviors.


Processes
Operations & Compliance


•    Ensure satisfactory ratings in all internal/external audits conducted at all branches in the zone 
•    Control and periodically check operational risks and workflows
•    Review key operational risks and efficiency indicators


Integration/ Change Management


•    Facilitate the implementation of new systems and processes across the branch network
•    Lead the transaction migration initiative at the area


Segment Ownership


•    Implement all segment/ product initiatives in the zone (PRB/ Premium/ Personal/ SME)
•    Jointly own the delivery of segment / product (PRB/ Premium/ Personal/ SME) targets with the branch managers & segment associate directors
 
People & Talent 
People Management


•    Drive and embed a strong performance culture through inspiring, motivating, and rigorous performance management discipline. Develop and build talents within the network through optimal resourcing, capacity planning, succession planning and engagements
•    Achieve high employee engagement and satisfaction. Retain talent, check attrition. Manage and mentor network staff and Union interface to ensure overall employee satisfaction
•    Identify training, development and counselling needs for staff
•    Undertake career growth planning for performers in the branch network


Governance 


•    Ensure he/ she is fully aware of all the policies and procedures issued in relation to ORMA, Group Code of Conduct, KYC/CDD/EDD and Money laundering prevention and ensure compliance thereto. Any suspicious transaction must immediately be reported as per guidelines
•    He/ She is aware of bank’s Mis-selling & Sales Policies and ensure adherence all the times within the network
•    Premises management in areas of merchandising, housekeeping as well as store management. Branch upkeep and maintenance
•    Responsible for health and safety for all. As part of the Health and Safety guidelines you should:
•    Take reasonable care for the health and safety of co-workers and those who may be affected by your actions or your omissions; Co-operate with Management to support and promote Health and safety in the workplace
•    Ensure that your actions do not put others at risk; Work in a healthy and safe manner
•    Encourage others to work in a healthy and safe manner
•    Report all accidents and incidents and bring to the attention of the management any hazard in the workplace
•    As a manager you are also responsible for the health and safety aspects within your area of control. You need to ensure that
•    Your employees are adequately trained and supervised to perform their tasks in a safe manner and are free to raise any Health and safety issues and these issues are addressed appropriately.
•    The contractors working in your area or for you are working in a safe & healthy manner
 
Regulatory & Business Conduct 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate, and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.


Key stakeholders


WRB Head, Head - Affluent Banking, Region Area Director, Leadership Team, Department Heads


Other Responsibilities
Embed Here for good and Group’s brand and values in India; Perform other responsibilities assigned under Group, Country, Business or Functional policies and procedures; 
Skills and Experience
 
Educational Background:


•    Preferably a Master’s Degree in any discipline, other banking certifications will be an advantage
•    Work Experience:
•    Experience in running sizeable profit centers, distribution networks with full accountability for strategy, costs and revenue.
•    Track record of successful multi-product sales in a retail business.


Technical Skills:


•    Strong knowledge of retail banking products (CASA, loans, deposits, insurance, investments).
•    Wealth knowledge and customer handling skills
•    Analytical skills


Behavioural Competencies:


•    Excellent communication skills and presentation skills
•    High level of inter-personal skills & integrity
•    Ability to influence Senior Management and provide thought leadership
Role Specific Technical Competencies
 
•    Strong knowledge of retail banking products (cards, loans, deposits, insurance, investments).
•    Proficiency in using banking software/ application and CEMS systems. 
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance






















































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































