





















Sr. Assoc, Prod Specialist - T24, WRB Tech Job Details | Standard Chartered Bank


















































Creating a better online experience with cookies. We care about your experience online, that’s why we use cookies to make sure our website runs smoothly while personalising your visit for your ease of use and convenience. To choose what cookies you want to accept, select “Manage cookies”. To accept all cookies for the best possible experience, select “Accept all”. If you’d like to learn more about how we use cookies and to manage your selection, visit our 
Cookie Policy



                Manage Cookies





                    Reject All



                Accept All














Skip to main content














































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Language 






English (United Kingdom)






한국어 (대한민국)












Sign In










Employee Login






























































































Search Jobs








































Job Details














Sr. Assoc, Prod Specialist - T24, WRB Tech
    
























Job Description

















                    Apply now
                














Requisition Number: 
        


49759
    


















Job Location: 
        


Chennai, IND 
    


















Global Grade: 
        


Band 6
    


















Work Type: 
        


Office Working
    


















Employment Type: 
        


 Permanent
    


















Posting Start Date: 
        


08/04/2026
    


















Posting End Date: 
        


30/04/2026
    


















Job Description: 
        


Job Summary
 
Product Specialists are the drivers of solution to the business problems, opportunities to automate a Business Process, offer solution to new product/services. With their commitment to innovation and knowledge in T24, these analysts seek, develop, and help implement strategic initiatives for improved efficiency and productivity. This person should also be wholly committed to the discovery and development of innovative solutions in an ever-changing digital landscape in banking.
Key Responsibilities
 
•    Partner with stakeholders across business units (ex: Ops, Product, Finance, Compliance) to elicit requirements, understand pain points and document the requirements
•    Evaluate the requirements, perform fitment study in T24, identify T24 native product solution for the requirements, propose custom solution on need basis
•    Drive awareness of requirement & solution across squad members, & other stakeholders like UAT users 
•    Author and update internal documentation like User Stories, and socialize them with stakeholders and secure sign-off
•    Develop meaningful and lasting relationships with stakeholders to create value out it to the group
•    Collaborate with QA member and provide thorough quality assurance at every stage of Agile systems development


Strategy 


•    Thought Leadership, evangelism, on the competitive landscape and market trends to make informed product decisions.
•    Keep the long-term vision of the product in mind while addressing short-term goals and milestones. Continuously evaluate the app's performance and user engagement metrics to ensure alignment with strategic objectives.
•    Develop apps with scalability and performance in mind. Anticipate future growth and ensure that the app architecture and codebase can accommodate it
•    Drive a modern approach to product delivery excellence, ensuring fast, frequent, and high-quality value delivery. 
•    Enforce and streamline sound development practices. 
•    Establish and maintain effective governance processes including training, advice, and support, to assure the classic pay product is developed, implemented, and maintained aligning with the Group’s standards
 
Business
•    Experienced practitioner and hands on contribution to the squad delivery for their craft (Eg. Engineering).
•    Responsible for balancing skills and capabilities across teams (squads) and hives in partnership with the Chief Product Owner & Hive Leadership, and in alignment with the fixed capacity model.
•    Responsible to evolve the craft towards improving automation, simplification and innovative use of latest market trends.
•   Trusted advisor to the business. Work hand in hand with the Business, taking product programs from investment decisions, into design, specification, and solution phases, all the way to operations on the ground and securing support services from other teams.
•    Provide leadership and technical expertise for the subdomain to achieve goals and outcomes
•    Support respective businesses in the commercialisation of capabilities, bid teams, monitoring of usage, improving client experience, and collecting defects for future improvements.
•    Manage business partner expectations. Ensure delivery to business meeting time, cost and with high quality


Processes
•    Adopt and embed the Change Delivery Standards throughout the lifecycle of the product / service.
•    Ensure role, job descriptions and expectations are clearly set and periodic feedback provided to the entire team.
•    Follows the chapter operating model to ensure a system exists to continue to build capability and performance of the chapter.
•    Chapter Lead may vary based upon the specific chapter domain its leading.
•    Define standards to ensure that applications are designed with scale, resilience, and performance in mind
•    Enforce and streamline sound development practices and establish and maintain effective governance processes including training, advice, and support, to assure the platforms are developed, implemented, and maintained aligning with the Group’s standards
•    Responsible for overall governance of the subdomain that includes financial management, risk management, representation in steering committee reviews and engagement with business for strategy, change management and timely course correction as required
•    Ensure compliance to the highest standards of business conduct, regulatory requirements and practices defined by internal and external requirements. This includes compliance with local banking laws and anti-money laundering stipulations
 
People & Talent 
•    Accountable for people management and capability development of their Chapter members.
•    Reviews metrics on capabilities and performance across their area, has improvement backlog for their Chapters and drives continual improvement of their chapter.
•    Focuses on the development of people and capabilities as the highest priority.
•    Ensure that the organisation works in a proactive way to upgrade capacity well in advance and predict future capacity needs
•    Responsible for building an engineering culture where application and infrastructure scalability is paramount for on-going capacity management with an aim to reduce the need for capacity reviews using monitoring and auto-scale properties
•    Empower the engineers so that they can provide economy of scale focused on delivering value, speed to market, availability, monitoring & system management
•    Foster a culture of innovation, transparency, and accountability end to end in the subdomain while promoting a “business-first” mentality at all levels


Risk Management
•    Responsible for effective capacity risk management across the Chapter with regards to attrition and leave plans.
•    Ensures the chapter follows the standards with respect to risk management as applicable to their chapter domain.
•    Adheres to common practices to mitigate risk in their respective domain
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate, and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
•    Ensure that the organisation works in a proactive way to upgrade capacity well in advance and predict future capacity needs
•    Responsible for building an engineering culture where application and infrastructure scalability is paramount for on-going capacity management with an aim to reduce the need for capacity reviews using monitoring and auto-scale properties
•    Empower the engineers so that they can provide economy of scale focused on delivering value, speed to market, availability, monitoring & system management
•    Foster a culture of innovation, transparency, and accountability end to end in the subdomain while promoting a “business-first” mentality at all levels
•    Develop and maintain a plan that provides for succession and continuity in the most critical delivery and management position
 
Governance 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct.
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.


Regulatory & Business Conduct 
•    Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
•    Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
•    Lead to achieve the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles 
•    Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
•    Exercise authorities delegated by the Board of Directors and act in accordance with Articles of Association 
Skills and Experience
 
•    Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) in information technology or computer science or business administration, finance 
•    Experience in Agile environment
•    Able to read T24 based code, perform code/impact analysis, perform SQL querying and if needed perform T24 based coding
•    T24 Accounting, Soft/Rule-based Accounting 
•    Preferred to have T24 migration experience particularly involved in migration solution for Securities, AA, Limits, Collaterals, Deposits(MM), AC modules 
Role Specific Technical Competencies
 
•    At least three of the T24 modules viz- Securities(equities, funds, FI etc), Derivatives, AA Loans, Deposits, Core modules of T24
•    Analytical & reasoning abilities
•    Ability to manage stakeholders and user testing
•    Communication skills, with an ability to translate into actionable insights
•    Go-getter, Solution oriented, open for challenges, embrace dynamic & diverse work culture, own/perform work like an entrepreneur
About Standard Chartered
 
We're an international bank, nimble enough to act, big enough for impact. For more than 170 years, we've worked to make a positive difference for our clients, communities, and each other. We question the status quo, love a challenge and enjoy finding new opportunities to grow and do better than before. If you're looking for a career with purpose and you want to work for a bank making a difference, we want to hear from you. You can count on us to celebrate your unique talents and we can't wait to see the talents you can bring us.


Our purpose, to drive commerce and prosperity through our unique diversity, together with our brand promise, to be here for good are achieved by how we each live our valued behaviours. When you work with us, you'll see how we value difference and advocate inclusion.


Together we:




Do the right thing
 and are assertive, challenge one another, and live with integrity, while putting the client at the heart of what we do


Never settle,
 continuously striving to improve and innovate, keeping things simple and learning from doing well, and not so well


Are better together,
 we can be ourselves, be inclusive, see more good in others, and work collectively to build for the long term


What we offer
 
In line with our Fair Pay Charter,
 we offer a competitive salary and benefits to support your mental, physical, financial and social wellbeing.




Core bank funding for retirement savings, medical and life insurance,
 with flexible and voluntary benefits available in some locations.


Time-off
 including annual leave, parental/maternity (20 weeks), sabbatical (12 months maximum) and volunteering leave (3 days), along with minimum global standards for annual and public holiday, which is combined to 30 days minimum.


Flexible working
 options based around home and office locations, with flexible working patterns.


Proactive wellbeing support
 through Unmind, a market-leading digital wellbeing platform, development courses for resilience and other human skills, global Employee Assistance Programme, sick leave, mental health first-aiders and all sorts of self-help toolkits


A continuous learning culture
 to support your growth, with opportunities to reskill and upskill and access to physical, virtual and digital learning.


Being part of an inclusive and values driven organisation,
 one that embraces and celebrates our unique diversity, across our teams, business functions and geographies - everyone feels respected and can realise their full potential.





















                    Apply now
                










Information at a Glance
























































































































































































































































Accessibility




Cookie Policy




Terms of use




Privacy policy




Modern slavery statement




Regulatory disclosures




Straight2Bank onboarding portal












Online security




Fighting financial crime




FAQs




Our locations




Contact us




Sitemap




Careers


















© Standard Chartered 2025.  			All rights reserved.






















×


Cookie preferences






Tell us which cookie categories you consent to by using the sliders below. You can change your preferences any time by clicking on Manage cookies on our homepage.














Stricly necessary cookies (always active)


Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.











































                                            Show More Details
                                        






Stricly necessary cookies (always active)






Provider


Description


Enabled










SAP as service provider




We use the following session cookies, which are all required to enable the website to function:
"route" is used for session stickiness
"careerSiteCompanyId" is used to send the request to the correct data centre
"JSESSIONID" is placed on the visitor's device during the session so the server can identify the visitor
"Load balancer cookie" (actual cookie name may vary) prevents a visitor from bouncing from one instance to another






















































Functional Cookies


For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Functional Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










YouTube




YouTube is a video-sharing service where users can create their own profile, upload videos, watch, like and comment on videos. Opting out of YouTube cookies will disable your ability to watch or interact with YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions






















































Advertising Cookies


To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.











































                                                Show More Details
                                            






Advertising Cookies






Provider


Description


Enabled










LinkedIn




LinkedIn is an employment-oriented social networking service. We use the Apply with LinkedIn feature to allow you to apply for jobs using your LinkedIn profile. Opting out of LinkedIn cookies will disable your ability to use Apply with LinkedIn.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Table
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Analytics




Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Cookie Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


































Google Tag Manager




Google Tag Manager is a tag management system for conversion tracking, site analytics, remarketing and more.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


















































Save & close
                        




Reject All


Accept All





























































