









Software Principal Engineer(C,C  , Firmware,BMC,IPMI,Redfish,AI, ML,GenAI) at Dell Careers










































































































































































































































Skip to main content


































Join Talent Network












Saved Jobs















                        Language
                    
















English










Español










Deutsch










Português










日本語










简体中文
















My Application
















Life at Dell
                        










 Back 






Life at Dell


How We Work and Lead


Global Benefits








You and Dell










 Back 






You and Dell


How We Hire


FAQs


Growing Your Career








Students










 Back 






Students


Internships


Graduates








Our Opportunities










 Back 






Our Opportunities


Software Engineering


Global Sales


Data & Analytics






Our Locations


Our Stories










Saved Jobs






My Application






Current Page






























Search Jobs






Keyword(s)








Location






When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.




Search Jobs




















Bangalore, India           


Software Principal Engineer(C,C++, Firmware,BMC,IPMI,Redfish,AI, ML,GenAI)










Apply Now


Save Job




















Software Principal Engineer
The Software Engineering team delivers next-generation application enhancements and new products for a changing world. Working at the cutting edge, we design and develop software for platforms, peripherals, applications and diagnostics — all with the most advanced technologies, tools, software engineering methodologies and the collaboration of internal and external partners.
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact as a 
Software Principal Engineer 
on 
our Firmware Engineering
 Team in 
Bangalore
, India
What you’ll achieve
As a Software Principal Engineer, you will be responsible for delivering the features end to end by collaborating with dependent teams. You will leverage the latest AI tools like Windsurf, copilot, Devin etc to accelerate the delivery of the features by maintaining the quality. You will work with firmware engineering team who works on cutting edge technologies on Embedded firmware development project
. 
You will:
You will own architecture and delivery for next‑generation out‑of‑band manageability, while incubating and productizing AI capabilities from intelligent telemetry and predictive maintenance to LLM‑assisted diagnostics and automated runbooks optimized for BMC resource constraints.
You will also institutionalize AI‑assisted and AI‑enabled development practices using Windsurf, and Claude Code to elevate engineering velocity, quality, security etc.
Take the first step towards your dream career
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role:
Essential Requirements
9- 14 years of experience in platform/firmware/embedded systems with deep BMC/ embedded systems & Redfish/IPMI experience. 3 to 4+ years building AI/ML (incl. GenAI) solutions in production with measurable impact. Extensive usage of AI models and proven record in showcasing the transformation results.
Proven end‑to‑end model development and fine‑tuning for performance/memory on constrained embedded platforms. Hands‑on with ML stack and ML/DL frameworks (PyTorch/TensorFlow) and vector databases/RAG pipelines. Firmware security depth (PKI, secure boot, attestation, SBOM).
Proficiency in C/C++ (embedded) and Python, Angular, Reactjs; Resful API’s design & development, Go development experience is an added advantage
Strong grounding in ML/DL/NLP (Transformers, CNNs, RNNs/LSTMs), embeddings, retrieval, and prompt engineering and Specification Driven Development.
Develop frameworks for multi-agent collaboration, agent simulation, and emergent behavior. Optimize agent performance through reinforcement learning, retrieval-augmented generation (RAG), and fine-tuning.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including ML researchers, software engineers, and product managers and ensure scalability, reliability, and security of agentic systems in production environments.
Desirable Requirements
Bachelor’s in CS/CE/EE or related; Master’s preferred.
Who we are
We believe that each of us has the power to make an impact. That’s why we put our team members at the center of everything we do. If you’re looking for an opportunity to grow your career with some of the best minds and most advanced tech in the industry, we’re looking for you.
Dell Technologies is a unique family of businesses that helps individuals and organizations transform how they work, live and play. Join us to build a future that works for everyone because Progress Takes All of Us.
Application closing date: 30 May 2026
Dell Technologies is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy 
here
 (opens in new window)
.
#NJP
Job ID:
R288301


Request an Accommodation




Resources




Privacy Notice


Email Scam Alert


Equal Opportunity Employer


Sign Up For Job Alerts






Apply Now


Save Job














Share This Job




X


Facebook


LinkedIn


Email


















Tips for a Successful Interview


There’s a lot for us to talk about. And don’t forget that this is your chance to interview Dell, too.


Learn More
















Frequently Asked Questions


To help you understand our application process, we are providing a list of the most common questions.


Learn More
















Sign Up for Job Alerts


Sign up, stay connected and get opportunities that match your skills sent right to your inbox.


Sign Up




















Why Work Here


Global Benefits










Comprehensive Healthcare Programs








Award Winning Financial Wellness Tools and Resources








Generous Leave of Absence for New Parents and Caregivers








Industry Leading Wellness Platform








Employee Assistance Program


































Jobs For You






Jobs For You








Engineering Research & Development


Software Principal Engineer-GoLang,Kubernetes


Bengaluru, India










Engineering Research & Development


Software Engineer C OR C++ OR JAVA with Linux and distributed systems


Multiple Locations










Engineering Research & Development


Software Principal Engineer(C, C++, Linux, Filesystems, Biometrics))


Multiple Locations










Engineering Research & Development


Software Senior Engineer


Bengaluru, India












Recently Viewed Jobs






No recently viewed jobs. 
View All Opportunities






Saved Jobs






No saved jobs. 
View All Opportunities
















Be The First To See New Opportunities


Join Our Talent Network


Sign up, stay connected and get opportunities that match your skills sent right to your inbox.






*Denotes required field


First Name
Last Name
Email Address
*
Mobile Phone:
Career Level
Student
Entry Level
Professional
Management
Executive
Upload Resume/CV (Must be under 1MB)
Remove
Interested In
Job Category
*
Select a Job Category
Accounting
Brazil Digital
Business Support
Corporate Development
Cybersecurity
Data Science & Analytics
Dell Digital
Digital
Engineering
Finance
Global Operations, Supply Chain
Global Services
Human Resources
Information Technology
Inside Sales
Internships
Legal
Manufacturing
Marketing
Next Gen
Outside Sales
Pre Sales
Product Services
Product Specialist
Professional Services
Program Management
R&D
Recent Graduate
Sales
Sales Operations
Services
Software Engineer
SRO
Systems Engineer
Talent Acquisition
Tech Support
Location
*
When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.
Select a job category from the list of options. Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert.
Add
Engineering, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Remove
Software Engineer, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Remove
Systems Engineer, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Remove
 


Confirm Email








By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read our 
 privacy policy
 and consent to receive email and/or SMS messaging communication from Dell Technologies. For users located in the People’s Republic of China: According to the regulations of the People's Republic of China on the protection of personal information, we need your authorization for Dell Technologies to transfer your personal data to Dell Technologies’ global talent database. The authorized personal information will be used for recruitment purposes only. Please read the 
 Dell China Privacy Statement
 carefully.


[default form message]



    			Sign Up
    		








Open Form
























Our Offerings






APEX


Products


Solutions


Services


Deals










Our Company






Who We Are


Dell Technologies Capital


Investors


Newsroom


Perspectives


Recycling


ESG & Impact










Our Partners






Find a Partner


Find a Reseller


OEM Solutions


Partner Program










Resources






Dell Learning Center


Glossary


Privacy Center


Resource Library


Trial Software Downloads
























Dell.com 






Dell Technologies






Dell Premier






Dell Financial Services








Join the 
#LifeAtDell
 conversation




Twitter


Facebook


LinkedIn


Instagram


YouTube


Indeed










© 2026 Dell Inc.


Sitemap


Ads & Emails


Cookie Consent


Cookie Management


Privacy Statement


Equal Opportunity Employer


Dell’s Diversity & Equal Employment Opportunity Policy


Accessibility


Recruitment Fraud Alert




















































 




Loading ...  




We use cookies and other tracking technologies to support navigation, to improve our products and services, to support our marketing activities and to provide content from third parties.To manage your preferences, select "Manage Settings" or choose "Accept" to consent to the use of Cookies.
Accept
Manage Settings