











 













        Senior Analyst - Private Equity - Global Strategic Insights Center - Hyderabad -  - 304438
    

































































































                                Skip to content                            




Deloitte | India Offices of the US















            Menu        













                        Home                    







                        Jobs                    







                                Entry level                            







                                Experienced                            











                        Events                    











                                Login                            







































                                    Senior Analyst - Private Equity - Global Strategic Insights Center - Hyderabad
                                








Same job available in 3 locations






Bengaluru, Karnataka, India


Gurugram, Haryana, India


Hyderabad, Telangana, India




 











                            Back to search results                        

















                                            Apply Now                                        













            Share this job:        



            Share:        





        Share    









                    Share Senior Analyst - Private Equity - Global Strategic Insights Center - Hyderabad with Facebook                









                    Share Senior Analyst - Private Equity - Global Strategic Insights Center - Hyderabad with LinkedIn                









                    Share Senior Analyst - Private Equity - Global Strategic Insights Center - Hyderabad with Twitter                









                    Share Senior Analyst - Private Equity - Global Strategic Insights Center - Hyderabad with a friend via e-mail                

















                            Back to search results                        





























                        Position Summary
                    


















 
Senior Analyst – Private Equity Insights Specialist – Global Strategic Insights Center – Deloitte Support Services India Private Limited
As a Private Equity Senior Analyst within the Global Strategic Insights Center (GSIC) team, you will play a pivotal role in supporting the firm’s private equity practice through rigorous research, data analysis, and actionable insights. You will collaborate with senior stakeholders and sector leadership to develop research-driven perspectives that inform go-to-market strategies, drive eminence, and create tangible impact for our clients in the evolving world of Private Equity. This position is ideal for individuals passionate about private equity, financial analysis, and market research, who thrive in a fast-paced, intellectually challenging environment.
Work You’ll Do
You will provide strategic insights to Deloitte’s senior leadership on crucial market and client priorities related to Private Equity, including growth strategies, competition, innovation, industry disruptions, alliances, and ecosystems. You will learn and apply established research tools and methodologies to develop consultative research solutions, suggest creative solutions to address clients’ needs, and present actionable insights for senior leadership. Additionally, you will drive project delivery and manage results, liaise with global colleagues, and contribute to team-level activities while mentoring new team members.
Your Key Responsibilities Will Include
Provide strategic insights to Deloitte’s senior leadership on Private Equity market, fund, and portfolio priorities, including growth strategies, competition, innovation, industry disruptions, etc.,
Conduct research-based analysis to understand issues and opportunities pertaining to Private Equity clients, enabling robust discussions.
Learn and apply established research tools and methodologies to develop innovative research solutions.
Manage project delivery by following best project and time management practices, ensuring quality, and adhering to deadlines.
Present actionable insights and recommendations for senior leadership with a focus on the “so-what” for Deloitte’s clients and businesses.
Conduct in-depth qualitative and quantitative analysis, including financial statement analysis, strategic frameworks, and forecasting models.
Design research proposals and formulate research plans through effective scoping and stakeholder engagement.
Liaise with global colleagues to manage project expectations and priorities.
Contribute to team activities, participate in brainstorming sessions, and mentor new team members.
Qualifications
Postgraduate degree from a premier B-school with 3–6 years of work experience, including at least three years in research or professional services, with significant exposure to Private Equity or Investment Management.
Exceptional attention to detail and project ownership. Critical thinking to create hypotheses and look beyond the obvious.
Experience in quantitative analysis of financial statements and operating metrics, and familiarity with strategic/forecasting models.
Strong exposure to the Investment Management sector, with understanding of operating structures, regulations, and industry dynamics.
Proficiency in Private Equity business models, value chains, KPIs (operational and financial), and industry trends.
Exceptional business writing and communication skills, including experience in report writing for senior management and/or external publications.
Strong storyboarding and visualization skills. Adherence to email etiquette in written communication.
Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Familiarity with research tools such as Refinitiv, Capital IQ, Factiva, Pitchbook, EMIS, etc.
Exposure to Gen AI tools and experience in prompt engineering is an advantage.
Client-service exposure or experience working directly with senior leadership is preferred.
Location: Hyderabad/Bengaluru/Gurgaon
Timings: 11 AM to 8 PM
The team
Global Strategic Insights Center (GSIC) provides secondary research and analysis services to global Deloitte Member Firms supporting pursuit, business development, practice development, and client engagements. The team uses exclusive sources, specialized research skills, and industry expertise to develop insightful research reports, delivering significant value to customers across Deloitte’s global network. 
Learn more about Deloitte.
#DTTLROLES26
#CA-RK2
#CAL-AS2
#GSICROLES26














Our purpose
Deloitte’s purpose is to make an impact that matters for our people, clients, and communities. At Deloitte, purpose is synonymous with how we work every day. It defines who we are. Our purpose comes through in our work with clients that enables impact and value in their organizations, as well as through our own investments, commitments, and actions across areas that help drive positive outcomes for our communities. 














Our people and culture
Our inclusive culture empowers our people to be who they are, contribute their unique perspectives, and make a difference individually and collectively. It enables us to leverage different ways of thinking, ideas and perspectives, and bring more creativity and innovation to help solve our clients’ most complex challenges. This makes Deloitte one of the most rewarding places to work.














Professional development
At Deloitte, professionals have the opportunity to work with some of the best and discover what works best for them. Here, we prioritize professional growth, offering diverse learning and networking opportunities to help accelerate careers and enhance leadership skills. Our state-of-the-art DU: The Leadership Center in India, located in Hyderabad, represents a tangible symbol of our commitment to the holistic growth and development of our people. 
Explore DU: The Leadership Center in India
.














Benefits to help you thrive
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. Our comprehensive rewards program helps us deliver a distinctly Deloitte experience that helps that empowers our professionals to thrive mentally, physically, and financially—and live their purpose. To support our professionals and their loved ones, we offer a broad range of benefits. Eligibility requirements may be based on role, tenure, type of employment and/ or other criteria. 
Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.














Recruiting tips
From developing a stand out resume to putting your best foot forward in the interview, we want you to feel prepared and confident as you explore opportunities at Deloitte. 
Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte recruiters.






















Requisition code: 304438






















 
















 
















About Deloitte






Cookies






Privacy






Safe harbor






Terms of use




















© 2026. See 
Terms of Use
 for more information.


Deloitte refers to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee ("DTTL"), its network of member firms, and their related entities. DTTL and each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. DTTL (also referred to as "Deloitte Global") does not provide services to clients. In the United States, Deloitte refers to one or more of the US member firms of DTTL, their related entities that operate using the "Deloitte" name in the United States and their respective affiliates. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. Please see 
www.deloitte.com/about
 to learn more about our global network of member firms.















