






















        Staff Software Engineer - 106226 - IBM
    



























                        Skip to content                    












IBM



























                IBM Careers
            

















                Login
            





























                            < Back to search results
                        







                    Staff Software Engineer
                






Houston, Texas, United States


Professional












Email






X






LinkedIn





















                                    Apply now
                                





































                                                Your role and responsibilities
                                            




Staff Software Engineer, IBM Corporation, Houston, TX (Up to 40% telecommuting permitted): 
 
Develop and maintain scalable and resilient microservice solutions for the company’s Cloud using Go Programming Lanuage. 
Participate in software architecture document reviews and design software solutions for the company’s Cloud. 
Create and update software tickets according to team goals and development priorities. 
Provide on-call support for the company’s Cloud Backup offering. 
Maintain and rotate service secrets using Vault. 
Use Docker engine and Kubernetes to test services with containerized deployments. 
Follow and iterate on published Swagger documentation for RESTful API development in Go language. 
Monitor service health and performance with Mezmo logging tools and Sysdig. 
Employ Python to create and sustain internal testing and mocking tools for development purposes. 
Utilize: Kubernetes, Jenkins, Python, Atlassian Jira, Service Now, PagerDuty, REST API Design. 
 
Required: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related and two (2) years of experience as Software Engineer or related. Two (2) years of experience must include utilizing Kubernetes, Jenkins, Python, Atlassian Jira, Service Now, PagerDuty, REST API Design. $138629 to $145000 per year. Full time. SN157.
 









                                                Required education
                                            



                                                                                            Bachelor's Degree
                                                                                    







                                                Required technical and professional expertise
                                            




Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related and two (2) years of experience as Software Engineer or related. Two (2) years of experience must include utilizing Kubernetes, Jenkins, Python, Atlassian Jira, Service Now, PagerDuty, REST API Design.



















                
                YOUR LIFE @ IBM
            
























In a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.
Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background.
Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do.
Are you ready to be an IBMer?



















                
                ABOUT IBM
            
























IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.
Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 500 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. 
At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.










IBM is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, neurodivergence, age, or other characteristics protected by the applicable law. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.



















                
                OTHER RELEVANT JOB DETAILS
            
























IBM offers a competitive and comprehensive benefits program. Eligible employees may have access to:
Healthcare benefits including medical & prescription drug coverage, dental, vision, and mental health & well being
Financial programs such as 401(k), the IBM Employee Stock Purchase Plan, financial counseling, life insurance, short & long- term disability coverage, and opportunities for performance based salary incentive programs
Generous paid time off including 12 holidays, minimum 56 hours sick time, 120 hours vacation, 12 weeks parental bonding leave in accordance with IBM Policy, and other Paid Care Leave programs. IBM also offers paid family leave benefits to eligible employees where required by applicable law
Training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform where IBMers can grow skills and obtain industry-recognized certifications to achieve their career goals
Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups, giving & volunteer opportunities, and discounts on retail products, services & experiences
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.
This position was posted on the date cited in the key job details section and is anticipated to remain posted for 21 days from this date or less if not needed to fill the role.










The compensation range and benefits for this position are based on a full-time schedule for a full calendar year. The salary will vary depending on your job-related skills, experience and location. Pay increment and frequency of pay will be in accordance with employment classification and applicable laws. For part time roles, your compensation and benefits will be adjusted to reflect your hours. Benefits may be pro-rated for those who start working during the calendar year.





































                                                Job Title
                                            



                                                                                            Staff Software Engineer
                                                                                    







                                                Date posted
                                            



                                                                                            26-Mar-2026
                                                                                    







                                                Job ID
                                            



                                                                                            106226
                                                                                    







                                                City / Township / Village
                                            



                                                                                            Houston
                                                                                    







                                                State / Province
                                            



                                                                                            Texas
                                                                                    







                                                Country
                                            



                                                                                            United States
                                                                                    







                                                Work arrangement
                                            



                                                                                            Hybrid
                                                                                    







                                                Employment type
                                            



                                                                                            Regular
                                                                                    







                                                Contract type
                                            



                                                                                            Regular
                                                                                    







                                                Projected Minimum Salary per year
                                            



                                                                                            138,629.00
                                                                                    







                                                Projected Maximum Salary per year
                                            



                                                                                            145,000.00
                                                                                    







                                                Position type
                                            



                                                                                            Professional
                                                                                    







                                                Shift
                                            



                                                                                            General (daytime)
                                                                                    

























                                                Apply now
                                            































                    < Back to search results
                






























Application Info






Be aware: Recruitment Scams






Privacy statement











                            Learn more about IBM                        





















































                                                English
                                            






English
Español
Français
Français Canadien
Português
Slovenščina
日本語
















Contact IBM






Privacy






Terms of use






Accessibility














 










 
 
 
 
IBM web domains
      ibm.com, ibm.org, ibm-zcouncil.com, insights-on-business.com, jazz.net, mobilebusinessinsights.com, promontory.com, proveit.com, ptech.org, s81c.com, securityintelligence.com, skillsbuild.org, softlayer.com, storagecommunity.org, think-exchange.com, thoughtsoncloud.com, alphaevents.webcasts.com, ibm-cloud.github.io, ibmbigdatahub.com, bluemix.net, mybluemix.net, ibm.net, ibmcloud.com, galasa.dev, blueworkslive.com, swiss-quantum.ch, blueworkslive.com, cloudant.com, ibm.ie, ibm.fr, ibm.com.br, ibm.co, ibm.ca, community.watsonanalytics.com, datapower.com, skills.yourlearning.ibm.com, bluewolf.com, carbondesignsystem.com, openliberty.io      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About cookies on this site
 
Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, other cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising.
 
For more information, please review your
                        cookie preferences
 options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’s
privacy statement
. 
 
To provide a smooth navigation, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed 
here
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accept all
 
More options
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cookie Preferences